www.google.com.bd ;; Query time: 280 msec
www.urbanairship.com ;; Query time: 53 msec
www.nsa.gov ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.geforce.com ;; Query time: 35 msec
www.madness.games ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.dealmoon.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.paymentsos.com ;; Query time: 86 msec
www.navy.mil ;; Query time: 147 msec
www.autodesk.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.comerica.com ;; Query time: 47 msec
www.delonghi.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.thehartford.com ;; Query time: 108 msec
www.outback.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.ana.co.jp ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.playstation.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.sci.gov.in ;; Query time: 283 msec
www.broadsheet.com.au ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.calgarysun.com ;; Query time: 135 msec
www.zalando-lounge.nl ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.google.co.kr ;; Query time: 191 msec
www.nih.gov ;; Query time: 145 msec
www.edmunds.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.aok.de ;; Query time: 166 msec
www.ati.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.tbs.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.bonprix.de ;; Query time: 219 msec
www.zimlogistics.us ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.leju.com ;; Query time: 1096 msec
www.shiseido.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.derstandard.de ;; Query time: 194 msec
www.rogers.com ;; Query time: 305 msec
www.milb.com ;; Query time: 39 msec
www.icloud.com.cn ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.google.co.cr ;; Query time: 196 msec
www.ysl.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.citizenlab.ca ;; Query time: 55 msec
www.flyasiana.com ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.newsbomb.gr ;; Query time: 202 msec
www.uniqlo.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.akbars.ru ;; Query time: 349 msec
www.nationwide.com ;; Query time: 81 msec
