www.jewelsfromthecrown.com ;; Query time: 67 msec
www.nbclosangeles.com ;; Query time: 30 msec
www.expometaversobrasil.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.digikey.my ;; Query time: 196 msec
www.thestate.com ;; Query time: 105 msec
www.iowacollegeaid.gov ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.finansialku.com ;; Query time: 127 msec
www.udrtld.net ;; Query time: 541 msec
www.jktech.com ;; Query time: 105 msec
www.personanutrition.com ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.peugeot.hr ;; Query time: 180 msec
www.arrienpharma.com ;; Query time: 100 msec
www.blackhawksupply.com ;; Query time: 82 msec
www.ladbs.org ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.resistance.today ;; Query time: 136 msec
www.rci.com ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.dhhs.vic.gov.au ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.ashokafootwear.in ;; Query time: 337 msec
www.seat.de ;; Query time: 169 msec
www.rakeshdwivedi.com ;; Query time: 61 msec
www.europeantour.com ;; Query time: 31 msec
www.ezcash.wtf ;; Query time: 105 msec
www.valleysolutionsgroup.co.uk ;; Query time: 176 msec
www.theblackwoodheirs.com ;; Query time: 83 msec
www.agenziaentrate.gov.it ;; Query time: 360 msec
www.neo2.com ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.asseco-see.rs ;; Query time: 356 msec
www.pollytheatre.org ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.bauschdental.com ;; Query time: 55 msec
www.learnmarketing.net ;; Query time: 98 msec
www.ksv-polizeipraxis.de ;; Query time: 78 msec
www.americanhometownmedia.com ;; Query time: 107 msec
www.eltiempo.pe ;; Query time: 103 msec
www.summer-breeze.de ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.alapala.com ;; Query time: 434 msec
www.sharkrobot.com ;; Query time: 82 msec
www.justjeans.com.au ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.mormontabernaclechoir.org ;; Query time: 63 msec
www.sundaymorninghomeproducts.com ;; Query time: 66 msec
www.9kin.dp.ua ;; Query time: 253 msec
www.zarahome.cn ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.malkm.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.viva.gr ;; Query time: 255 msec
www.lttstore.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.apsac.org ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.4seating.com ;; Query time: 107 msec
www.doit.am ;; Query time: 180 msec
www.tvzoneuk.com ;; Query time: 62 msec
www.ctrlq.org ;; Query time: 59 msec
www.indiatodayne.in ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.dyn.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.aldridge-electric.com ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.perfectlypercy.com ;; Query time: 56 msec
www.website-start.de ;; Query time: 141 msec
www.intersport.gr ;; Query time: 199 msec
www.xn--2i4b19i.com ;; Query time: 74 msec
www.google.ac ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.aulaescolar.mx ;; Query time: 68 msec
www.sourabhbajaj.com ;; Query time: 124 msec
www.volvogroup.com ;; Query time: 92 msec
www.ruzadom.ru ;; Query time: 306 msec
www.idealha.ir ;; Query time: 936 msec
www.e-factura.net ;; Query time: 355 msec
www.healthlinkdental.org ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.bis-internet.co.uk ;; Query time: 384 msec
www.floodsmart.gov ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.monopol-magazin.de ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.grame.fr ;; Query time: 217 msec
www.trevonbranch.ml ;; Query time: 278 msec
www.dueruote.it ;; Query time: 92 msec
www.zerolag.com ;; Query time: 99 msec
www.chefkoch.de ;; Query time: 167 msec
www.revistaveredas.com.br ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.falabellasellers.com ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.unfranchise.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.gimkit.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.inmu3.ru ;; Query time: 199 msec
www.evh.de ;; Query time: 349 msec
www.aslady.de ;; Query time: 80 msec
www.alfaromeo.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.awn.it ;; Query time: 987 msec
www.angloamerican.com ;; Query time: 186 msec
www.prose.com ;; Query time: 56 msec
www.nic.dhl ;; Query time: 93 msec
www.weforum.org ;; Query time: 43 msec
www.g8mv2trk.com ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.hondabigwing.in ;; Query time: 88 msec
www.pge.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.ftc.gov ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.zones.com ;; Query time: 109 msec
www.naldo.com.ar ;; Query time: 53 msec
www.africa-newsroom.com ;; Query time: 185 msec
www.reise.coop ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.manixshop.fr ;; Query time: 136 msec
www.clearpoolgroup.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.thesoul-publishing.com ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.reims-serving.com ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.kfc.de ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.bankorient.com ;; Query time: 88 msec
www.cekoweb.com ;; Query time: 139 msec
www.bdcmagazine.com ;; Query time: 107 msec
www.alvanista.com ;; Query time: 65 msec
www.zshk.cz ;; Query time: 492 msec
www.cookaround.com ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.seventhavenue.com ;; Query time: 52 msec
www.lesbiemates.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.americannitrile.com ;; Query time: 61 msec
www.autodieselpart.ru ;; Query time: 721 msec
www.passepasse.com ;; Query time: 56 msec
www.uthm.edu.my ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.indoorgolf.ch ;; Query time: 173 msec
www.port3.ru ;; Query time: 526 msec
www.lubuskie.pl ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.opentable.de ;; Query time: 89 msec
www.naplesv.com ;; Query time: 53 msec
www.ifs-institute.com ;; Query time: 54 msec
www.kangnam.ac.kr ;; Query time: 276 msec
www.stanleytools.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.americanexpress.com ;; Query time: 83 msec
www.dewrain.world ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.prodigyjj.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.mountsinai.org ;; Query time: 89 msec
www.fast-hosts.org ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.domusbet.it ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.iheartradio.ca ;; Query time: 361 msec
www.bravinn.com ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.velocityonline.net ;; Query time: 140 msec
www.dataintegrationinfo.com ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.russianspacesystems.ru ;; Query time: 369 msec
www.google.co.ls ;; Query time: 394 msec
www.tapsmart.com ;; Query time: 74 msec
www.costacruceros.com ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.americanclubresort.com ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.help.saxo ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.govdeals.com ;; Query time: 112 msec
www.tatarmeteo.ru ;; Query time: 408 msec
www.blockerdns.com ;; Query time: 62 msec
www.accessbrownsville.com ;; Query time: 920 msec
www.abchina.com ;; Query time: 201 msec
www.davisputter.org ;; Query time: 66 msec
www.ivca.in ;; Query time: 68 msec
www.courtyardginza.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.avis.ca ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.swingoptical.com ;; Query time: 82 msec
www.unlvmedicine.org ;; Query time: 74 msec
www.lazernoe-udalenie-pigmentnyh-pyaten.ru ;; Query time: 3 msec
www.yesform.com ;; Query time: 138 msec
www.wuzhou.gov.cn ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.cdw.com ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.buienradar.be ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.tierneyphotography.co.uk ;; Query time: 207 msec
www.angular.jp ;; Query time: 204 msec
www.zycus.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.gaggenau.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.bogportalen.dk ;; Query time: 633 msec
www.oblong.com ;; Query time: 56 msec
www.chicago.ru ;; Query time: 281 msec
www.hln.be ;; Query time: 166 msec
www.uifrommars.com ;; Query time: 126 msec
www.net-filter.com ;; Query time: 107 msec
www.nflshop.com ;; Query time: 45 msec
www.cityofnorthlasvegas.com ;; Query time: 74 msec
www.vsharepe.com ;; Query time: 62 msec
www.it-serv.ru ;; Query time: 520 msec
www.motherscookies.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.mojanorwegia.pl ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.travelers.com ;; Query time: 93 msec
www.ketrade.com.sg ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.getrevela.com ;; Query time: 80 msec
www.xn----7sbb5adknde1cb0dyd.xn--p1ai ;; Query time: 367 msec
www.bodyandsoul.com.au ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.gala.fr ;; Query time: 474 msec
www.bedroom.co.jp ;; Query time: 382 msec
www.lawrencekstimes.com ; <<>> DiG 9.16.27-RH <<>> www.lawrencekstimes.com
www.size.co.uk ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.mdconnect.net.br ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.execunet.com ;; Query time: 73 msec
www.1and1.co.uk ;; Query time: 134 msec
www.caravan-salon.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.roger-pearse.com ;; Query time: 148 msec
www.gelderlander.nl ;; Query time: 31 msec
www.jabodo.com ;; Query time: 59 msec
www.discovernetwork.com ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.blanco.com ;; Query time: 372 msec
www.mondovisione.com ;; Query time: 477 msec
www.norennoren.jp ;; Query time: 167 msec
www.nstu.ru ;; Query time: 380 msec
www.elvisflorida.org ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.hfecorp.com ;; Query time: 101 msec
www.cordishotels.com ;; Query time: 30 msec
www.growurpotential.org ;; Query time: 59 msec
www.capitalone.ca ;; Query time: 198 msec
www.amafuerte.com ;; Query time: 75 msec
www.dna.fi ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.doblevela.com ;; Query time: 106 msec
www.tmn-anshin.co.jp ;; Query time: 133 msec
www.andyokay.com ;; Query time: 63 msec
www.marketever.com ;; Query time: 56 msec
www.revionics.com ;; Query time: 105 msec
www.vmd.ca ;; Query time: 30 msec
www.advmoscow.ru ;; Query time: 378 msec
www.nationalcar.co.uk ;; Query time: 182 msec
www.yoga-vidya.org ;; Query time: 73 msec
www.firestoneairide.com ;; Query time: 99 msec
www.filmstruck.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.aliceindairyland.com ;; Query time: 64 msec
www.iau-idf.fr ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.medusind.com ;; Query time: 107 msec
www.electrolux.it ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.dyson.hu ;; Query time: 198 msec
www.s-bahn-muenchen.de ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.faasafety.gov ;; Query time: 195 msec
www.perkins.com ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.finance-magazin.de ;; Query time: 182 msec
www.lg.com ;; Query time: 447 msec
www.kleinanzeigen.de ;; Query time: 92 msec
www.firma5.com ;; Query time: 116 msec
www.usfwholesale.net ;; Query time: 54 msec
www.ottawaarchitectureweek.com ;; Query time: 96 msec
www.chamsyslighting.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.recuva.com ;; Query time: 123 msec
www.jazzercise.com ;; Query time: 75 msec
www.tasshutterings.com ;; Query time: 526 msec
www.vtransgroup.com ;; Query time: 109 msec
www.sacsheriff.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.del-ton.com ;; Query time: 104 msec
www.cinstech-inspect-survey.com ;; Query time: 435 msec
www.dodgegarage.com ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.oreillynet.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.nianticstatic.com ;; Query time: 55 msec
www.air2s.com ;; Query time: 89 msec
www.costacruises.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.finntech.no ;; Query time: 232 msec
www.cheaptickets.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.apprenticeship.gov ;; Query time: 191 msec
www.aimclo.ru ;; Query time: 343 msec
www.retentionrocket.com ;; Query time: 85 msec
www.linguahouse.com ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.geniezip.com ;; Query time: 143 msec
www.lidl.hr ;; Query time: 214 msec
www.arkhamintelligence.com ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.zk-international.com ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.comperialead.pl ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.digikey.co.za ;; Query time: 64 msec
www.jrkyushu.co.jp ;; Query time: 166 msec
www.disasterassistance.gov ;; Query time: 304 msec
www.spheregamestudios-data.com ;; Query time: 67 msec
www.vfemmes.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.petroglyphgames.com ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.chili.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.kernelsu.org ;; Query time: 59 msec
www.funnelscience.com ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.producerhive.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.scifi-universe.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.sssedit.com ;; Query time: 59 msec
www.j2loh.co.kr ;; Query time: 289 msec
www.gopanear.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.dropdesk.com.br ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.shelloman.com.om ;; Query time: 586 msec
www.brod.cz ;; Query time: 700 msec
www.kursy-professionalnoj-perepodgotovki-distancionno.ru ;; Query time: 380 msec
www.ibi.de ;; Query time: 78 msec
www.parsquran.com ;; Query time: 102 msec
www.solidarites.org ;; Query time: 174 msec
www.severstal.ru ;; Query time: 1956 msec
www.ociweb.com ;; Query time: 82 msec
www.tvs.pl ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.sd-tkani.ru ;; Query time: 502 msec
www.kcg.gov.tw ;; Query time: 282 msec
www.albamarba.com ;; Query time: 64 msec
www.nucleuslife.io ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.thechurchonline.com ;; Query time: 93 msec
www.fred.net ;; Query time: 78 msec
www.haagen-dazs.co.jp ;; Query time: 139 msec
www.unicomgd.com ;; Query time: 344 msec
www.waitwhile.com ;; Query time: 138 msec
www.mimokassy.ru ;; Query time: 321 msec
www.wildfoxprovisions.com ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.tribuketa.ru ;; Query time: 542 msec
www.kimhaepatent.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.adopt.su ;; Query time: 162 msec
www.scnresearch.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.assaabloy.com ;; Query time: 45 msec
www.nfcmix.com ;; Query time: 681 msec
www.geha.com ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.opensourcerers.net ;; Query time: 284 msec
www.newgamerush.com ;; Query time: 56 msec
www.rosebikes.de ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.egencia.co.uk ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.ulisses-ebooks.de ;; Query time: 307 msec
www.unesa.ac.id ;; Query time: 258 msec
www.maisajuda.pt ;; Query time: 90 msec
www.acrepc.co.nz ;; Query time: 307 msec
www.flightnetwork.com ;; Query time: 39 msec
www.hsbt.org ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.cricketcountry.com ;; Query time: 50 msec
www.society19.com ;; Query time: 119 msec
www.fanfaro.de ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.insighttimer-api.net ; <<>> DiG 9.16.27-RH <<>> www.insighttimer-api.net
www.ah.nl ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.bitgrip.com ;; Query time: 237 msec
www.stereoscopy.com ;; Query time: 137 msec
www.der-wankelmotor.de ;; Query time: 206 msec
www.errortrace.dev ;; Query time: 124 msec
www.esopcircle.com ;; Query time: 59 msec
www.dobon.net ;; Query time: 86 msec
www.darfe.es ;; Query time: 406 msec
www.onsemi.com ;; Query time: 35 msec
www.sovanow.com ;; Query time: 150 msec
www.mhrd.gov.in ;; Query time: 603 msec
www.videoservice.tv ;; Query time: 120 msec
www.ecacolleges.com ;; Query time: 56 msec
www.digiecart.com ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.leader.ir ;; Query time: 612 msec
www.hamdns.com ;; Query time: 75 msec
www.bpi-gmbh.de ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.omsknet.pro ;; Query time: 394 msec
www.delafoyedesign.com ;; Query time: 65 msec
www.infotec.ru ;; Query time: 332 msec
www.google.uz ;; Query time: 241 msec
www.spencergifts.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.skol.su ;; Query time: 382 msec
www.flyasiana.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.sellerly.com ;; Query time: 82 msec
www.cathay-ins.com.tw ;; Query time: 158 msec
www.nextcloud-ionos.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.fecredit.com.vn ;; Query time: 433 msec
www.prw.net ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.origininvestments.com ;; Query time: 59 msec
www.flickrslidr.com ;; Query time: 91 msec
www.newcitypromotions.com ;; Query time: 66 msec
www.saanich.ca ;; Query time: 101 msec
www.222email.com ;; Query time: 126 msec
www.withyoutube.com ;; Query time: 56 msec
www.baobinhduong.vn ;; Query time: 219 msec
www.craftideas.info ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.bitcoinenespanol.net ;; Query time: 108 msec
www.cougars-infideles.com ;; Query time: 161 msec
www.ezokniga.com ;; Query time: 190 msec
www.vesty.co.il ;; Query time: 418 msec
www.fremantlefc.com.au ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.in-pharmatechnologist.com ;; Query time: 119 msec
www.kayabcngrow.com ;; Query time: 350 msec
www.hsbc.de ;; Query time: 163 msec
www.sellere.de ;; Query time: 204 msec
www.theaustralian.com.au ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.lzk-bw.de ;; Query time: 78 msec
www.santanderconsumer.it ;; Query time: 206 msec
www.morgenpost.de ;; Query time: 191 msec
www.childfocus.be ;; Query time: 500 msec
www.mango.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.transparency.dev ;; Query time: 124 msec
www.balu-pohony.sk ;; Query time: 168 msec
