www.tosdomain.co.kr ;; Query time: 284 msec
www.atmospherica.ru ;; Query time: 556 msec
www.bankaustria.at ;; Query time: 64 msec
www.planar.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.ersdns.site ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.platforum.cloud ;; Query time: 56 msec
www.leadpages.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.google.com.np ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.soundbetter.com ;; Query time: 106 msec
www.audiokniga.one ;; Query time: 200 msec
www.goldman.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.patagonia.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.egnyte-appliance.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.morningstarfarms.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.magnitent.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.makro.co.za ;; Query time: 521 msec
www.mufg.jp ;; Query time: 259 msec
www.do.de ;; Query time: 174 msec
www.distraction.gov ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.google.by ;; Query time: 202 msec
www.communitywiki.org ;; Query time: 159 msec
www.exxon.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.carrefourksa.com ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.santanderbank.com ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.kasedogames.com ;; Query time: 67 msec
www.anao.gov.au ;; Query time: 338 msec
www.andrews.edu ;; Query time: 3 msec
www.monetra.com ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.nightcafe.studio ;; Query time: 61 msec
www.barclayscorporate.com ;; Query time: 93 msec
www.ccalliance.org ;; Query time: 129 msec
www.curtmfg.com ;; Query time: 64 msec
www.antikvarium.hu ;; Query time: 1154 msec
www.avapartner.com ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.mobify.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.jeopardy.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.seic.com ;; Query time: 122 msec
www.elevental.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.powerequipmentdirect.com ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.gexperiments5.com ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.bbcearth.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.hcc.edu ;; Query time: 168 msec
www.atreve.eu ;; Query time: 164 msec
www.peugeot.es ;; Query time: 172 msec
www.mycreditrepairsite.com ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.docplayer.com.br ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.petsugargliders.com ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.costco.co.jp ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.esmas.com ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.serviziocivile.it ;; Query time: 355 msec
www.porcelanosa.com ;; Query time: 228 msec
www.corelstore.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.anydns.info ;; Query time: 298 msec
www.sonypictures.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.aeon.jp ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.claro.com.ec ;; Query time: 489 msec
www.hamachi.cc ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.rx01.ru ;; Query time: 346 msec
www.donationalerts.com ;; Query time: 196 msec
www.iainsalatiga.ac.id ;; Query time: 277 msec
www.flutter.dev ;; Query time: 164 msec
www.srubystal.pl ;; Query time: 308 msec
www.minuteclinic.com ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.olympic.org ;; Query time: 200 msec
www.chevrolet.com.br ;; Query time: 137 msec
www.disney.fr ;; Query time: 99 msec
www.uptodown.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.dbankcloud.asia ;; Query time: 7 msec
www.adidas.fr ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.sipgate.de ;; Query time: 171 msec
www.strongtie.com ;; Query time: 80 msec
www.apigee.io ;; Query time: 82 msec
www.vniikr.ru ;; Query time: 316 msec
www.bettys.co.uk ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.tunepocket.com ;; Query time: 79 msec
www.educationuk.org ;; Query time: 87 msec
www.lex.dk ;; Query time: 216 msec
www.cooperators.ca ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.reach.gov.sg ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.trv-science.ru ;; Query time: 372 msec
www.learnparsi.com ;; Query time: 1248 msec
www.justice.gov ;; Query time: 63 msec
www.ina.com ;; Query time: 204 msec
www.blablacar.ru ;; Query time: 205 msec
www.netnitco.net ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.secretmine.net ;; Query time: 294 msec
www.marionnaud.sk ;; Query time: 93 msec
www.marriott.de ;; Query time: 204 msec
www.aarss.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.bahamabreeze.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.heiligenlexikon.de ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.marinabaysands.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.ihs.com ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.google.com.ec ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.carwise.com ;; Query time: 41 msec
www.emachineshop.com ;; Query time: 118 msec
www.fxnetworks.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.nutanix.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.plantingtree.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.vim.org ;; Query time: 215 msec
www.airfarewatchdog.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.rfu.com ;; Query time: 153 msec
www.unicredit.eu ;; Query time: 55 msec
www.camping-channel.info ;; Query time: 148 msec
www.saksoff5th.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.realmadrid.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.yaroslavl.su ;; Query time: 394 msec
www.ebay.ca ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.liverpool.com.mx ;; Query time: 82 msec
www.dodea.edu ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.adnxs.net ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.pentagon.mil ;; Query time: 319 msec
www.modedesigns.com ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.kitbag.com ;; Query time: 31 msec
www.queen.gr ;; Query time: 206 msec
www.fox61.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.hitwh.edu.cn ;; Query time: 759 msec
www.pharmeasy.in ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.utexco.ru ;; Query time: 328 msec
www.selectminds.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.gloriafood.com ;; Query time: 306 msec
www.3dhub.org.uk ;; Query time: 78 msec
www.nbcphiladelphia.com ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.aegeanair.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.andritz.com ;; Query time: 184 msec
www.jhancockpensions.com ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.disneylandparis.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.haband.com ;; Query time: 59 msec
www.manchesterinklink.com ;; Query time: 121 msec
www.bulgukmunhwa.org ;; Query time: 170 msec
www.mymsc.com ;; Query time: 54 msec
www.learnpythonthehardway.org ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.rtpge.com ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.mywebsite-editor.com ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.irisohyama.co.jp ;; Query time: 260 msec
www.zomato.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.allegisgroup.com ;; Query time: 100 msec
www.bestplaces.net ;; Query time: 90 msec
www.wellho.net ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.cfw.cn ;; Query time: 205 msec
www.apxor.com ;; Query time: 61 msec
www.fedex.com ;; Query time: 64 msec
www.eurosport.fr ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.twist.win ;; Query time: 76 msec
