www.dstillery.com ;; Query time: 78 msec
www.gettysburgflag.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.myfirstly.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.supermembers.net ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.seloger.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.mobilluck.com.ua ;; Query time: 338 msec
www.autogeek.net ;; Query time: 106 msec
www.auth0.com ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.bulkapothecary.com ;; Query time: 65 msec
www.deutschlandfunknova.de ;; Query time: 180 msec
www.friends-casino.onl ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.sindonews.com ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.khas.edu.tr ;; Query time: 210 msec
www.crc.id.au ;; Query time: 96 msec
www.c81358859121583b7adf2ace89cb39f44.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.gallup.com ;; Query time: 30 msec
www.b-pl.pro ;; Query time: 198 msec
www.velikanrostov.ru ;; Query time: 501 msec
www.scruffapp.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.tkelevator.com ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.linetv.tw ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.schwarzkopf.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.anystories.app ;; Query time: 66 msec
www.innocentdrinks.co.uk ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.teckypress.in ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.tamu.edu ;; Query time: 273 msec
www.thenewsmarket.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.uchitel.pro ;; Query time: 207 msec
www.devmate.com ;; Query time: 35 msec
www.allegra.com ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.tatamotors.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.mca.com.au ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.sumologic.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.mingheda.cn ;; Query time: 839 msec
www.quizizz.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.garagegymreviews.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.actiongameshub.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.kaeser.com ;; Query time: 190 msec
www.iauec.ac.ir ;; Query time: 1549 msec
www.epdk.gov.tr ;; Query time: 403 msec
www.thecricketer.com ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.choptsalad.com ;; Query time: 63 msec
www.reason8.com ;; Query time: 1097 msec
www.xiniugu.vip ;; Query time: 7 msec
www.ilan.com.ua ;; Query time: 187 msec
www.daily-stuff.com ;; Query time: 64 msec
www.honhai.com ;; Query time: 152 msec
www.888casino.ro ;; Query time: 182 msec
www.degrootfreshgroup.com ;; Query time: 300 msec
www.becom.net ;; Query time: 163 msec
www.boersen-zeitung.de ;; Query time: 177 msec
www.belloscar.com.br ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.diib.com ;; Query time: 55 msec
www.pq.hosting ;; Query time: 150 msec
www.haibike.com ;; Query time: 174 msec
www.hi-clinic.ru ;; Query time: 342 msec
www.acon.se ;; Query time: 192 msec
www.ekmdomains.net ;; Query time: 153 msec
www.kzgdz.com ;; Query time: 198 msec
www.golfcanada.ca ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.autoscout24.be ;; Query time: 70 msec
