www.alldown.ru ;; Query time: 400 msec
www.netfaktor.com ;; Query time: 206 msec
www.phds.org ;; Query time: 180 msec
www.proffidom.ru ;; Query time: 379 msec
www.vestirna.com ;; Query time: 320 msec
www.kon-art.ro ;; Query time: 528 msec
www.podarok-hand-made.ru ;; Query time: 318 msec
www.bcytopc.com ;; Query time: 497 msec
www.tf1info.fr ;; Query time: 170 msec
www.felipevarela.com ;; Query time: 155 msec
www.rb.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.redyarsk.ru ;; Query time: 386 msec
www.beatoven.ai ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.pleasanthillgrain.com ;; Query time: 107 msec
www.assistaeromanuvie.com ;; Query time: 43 msec
www.dicegamedepot.com ;; Query time: 110 msec
www.dpa-sportslive.com ;; Query time: 157 msec
www.yokke.co.id ;; Query time: 1157 msec
www.act-sf.org ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.reyun.com ;; Query time: 504 msec
www.digital4you.gr ;; Query time: 587 msec
www.forexbinaryoption.pw ;; Query time: 206 msec
www.easy-web.cz ;; Query time: 533 msec
www.nevisinternet.net ;; Query time: 148 msec
www.cidugushi.com ;; Query time: 102 msec
www.farzat.ro ;; Query time: 510 msec
www.m9skm.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.bogoslov.ru ;; Query time: 324 msec
www.bernerzeitung.ch ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.sillasmesas.es ;; Query time: 160 msec
www.kfc.com.mx ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.atse.ru ;; Query time: 785 msec
www.healthprofessionals.gov.sg ;; Query time: 154 msec
www.tcbk.com ;; Query time: 66 msec
www.lite.al ;; Query time: 60 msec
www.discoveringegypt.com ;; Query time: 82 msec
www.amway.in ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.hopqcubm.top ;; Query time: 458 msec
www.sbishinseibank.co.jp ;; Query time: 144 msec
www.fnx.co.il ;; Query time: 430 msec
www.novotest-russia.ru ;; Query time: 338 msec
www.f6s.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.macworld.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.ratemyagent.com.au ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.nagase.co.jp ;; Query time: 180 msec
www.telligence.com.au ;; Query time: 166 msec
www.dirkzwager.nl ;; Query time: 179 msec
www.genoplot.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.techdns.com.ua ;; Query time: 163 msec
www.pixel-pro.ru ;; Query time: 343 msec
www.homefinder.ca ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.revenuewize.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.rokb.ru ;; Query time: 529 msec
www.ivermectinak.quest ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.aldridgelansdell.co.uk ;; Query time: 84 msec
www.stereocdn.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.dotnice.co.uk ;; Query time: 148 msec
www.holmesmind.com ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.spanamwar.com ;; Query time: 75 msec
www.panopto.eu ;; Query time: 217 msec
www.advocatemanojpbassociates.in ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.careeredge.ca ;; Query time: 127 msec
www.springbok-puzzles.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.winsupplyinc.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.ecitizen.gov.sg ;; Query time: 149 msec
www.isaac.nl ;; Query time: 162 msec
www.thegroup.com.qa ;; Query time: 499 msec
www.getlowered.com ;; Query time: 105 msec
www.proenginerebuilders.com ;; Query time: 114 msec
www.rollins.edu ;; Query time: 43 msec
www.majalahpama.my ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.ferrumformat.com ;; Query time: 200 msec
www.gosel.cab ;; Query time: 39 msec
www.adr.com.ua ;; Query time: 158 msec
www.eco-dns.co.uk ;; Query time: 152 msec
www.nflfootballjerseys.com.co ;; Query time: 113 msec
www.oostende.net ;; Query time: 316 msec
www.rusgoods.ru ;; Query time: 536 msec
www.charlotteparent.com ;; Query time: 130 msec
www.asranarshism.com ;; Query time: 401 msec
www.logitechg.com.cn ;; Query time: 301 msec
www.major-j.com ;; Query time: 120 msec
www.birghotels.com ;; Query time: 531 msec
www.ajump1.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.tefal.de ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.samoyede.ro ;; Query time: 401 msec
www.grupocajarural.es ;; Query time: 171 msec
www.smartcapitalmind.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.domain-servers.de ;; Query time: 161 msec
www.focusattack.com ;; Query time: 113 msec
www.nkp.se ;; Query time: 171 msec
www.otzyvykasino.ru ;; Query time: 170 msec
www.icastelli.net ;; Query time: 310 msec
www.tarkettna.com ;; Query time: 127 msec
www.foxnews.mobi ;; Query time: 173 msec
www.1rebel.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.loerietrading.co.uk ;; Query time: 110 msec
www.canyonpartners.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.al.com.tr ;; Query time: 790 msec
www.kappa.com.pl ;; Query time: 179 msec
www.kropamu.eu ;; Query time: 203 msec
www.naturalmotion.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.sendsonar.com ;; Query time: 41 msec
www.howboymeetsgirl.com ;; Query time: 84 msec
www.jupiter.money ;; Query time: 35 msec
www.tentorium.ru ;; Query time: 634 msec
www.easebar.com ;; Query time: 80 msec
www.goturbo.net ;; Query time: 135 msec
www.gati.in ;; Query time: 260 msec
www.prs-trade.ru ;; Query time: 384 msec
www.farmersfridge.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.nextcentra.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.efinancialcareers.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.kratommonkey.net ;; Query time: 110 msec
www.langformula.ru ;; Query time: 381 msec
www.jphqxkuc.com ;; Query time: 1671 msec
www.allpn.ru ;; Query time: 164 msec
www.buffalo.jp ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.yml.co ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.vanchuyenducviet.de ;; Query time: 175 msec
www.diy.com ;; Query time: 174 msec
www.camille.co.uk ;; Query time: 463 msec
www.undana.ac.id ;; Query time: 434 msec
www.capstoyou.com ;; Query time: 106 msec
www.ivermectinek.quest ;; Query time: 209 msec
www.powermaccenter.com ;; Query time: 869 msec
www.exponenta.ru ;; Query time: 385 msec
www.ulss17.it ;; Query time: 349 msec
www.gallup.com ;; Query time: 3 msec
www.looppay.com ;; Query time: 46 msec
www.doublericher.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.bitcoinhesabiacma.com ;; Query time: 374 msec
www.hafele.co.uk ;; Query time: 158 msec
www.emotiveapp.co ;; Query time: 65 msec
www.pixelrabbit.net ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.fcf.io ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.tio.nl ;; Query time: 219 msec
www.grillgrate.com ;; Query time: 253 msec
www.voyage-prive.es ;; Query time: 317 msec
www.brainingcamp.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.gnyfst.com ;; Query time: 150 msec
www.cfd.co.jp ;; Query time: 133 msec
www.nerdculture.de ;; Query time: 328 msec
www.televital.com ;; Query time: 877 msec
www.sibrm.ru ;; Query time: 342 msec
www.sov-teh.com ;; Query time: 638 msec
www.cience.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.livehome3d.com ;; Query time: 107 msec
www.kajidore.com ;; Query time: 64 msec
