www.misk.com ;; Query time: 56 msec
www.pcadvisor.co.uk ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.cdnbasket.net ;; Query time: 61 msec
www.tvnow.de ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.eliteprospects.com ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.bitmoji.com ;; Query time: 66 msec
www.mercadolibre.com.co ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.ttb.gov ;; Query time: 86 msec
www.williamhill.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.gomlab.com ;; Query time: 142 msec
www.petzl.com ;; Query time: 326 msec
www.mailjet.com ;; Query time: 222 msec
www.levels.fyi ;; Query time: 157 msec
www.edge2befaster.net ;; Query time: 47 msec
www.cronica.com.ar ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.555hd2.com ;; Query time: 84 msec
www.imaginecurve.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.mcneel.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.tctm.co ;; Query time: 55 msec
www.moj.gov.sa ;; Query time: 472 msec
www.cdn-net.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.globalknowledge.com ;; Query time: 46 msec
www.blackberry.com ;; Query time: 65 msec
www.usmint.gov ;; Query time: 102 msec
www.olx.kz ;; Query time: 258 msec
www.uk-gsp.ru ;; Query time: 200 msec
www.xataka.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.travelpulse.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.fiaformulae.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.tving.com ;; Query time: 170 msec
