www.pluscbdoil.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.coulisses-tv.fr ;; Query time: 75 msec
www.forbbodiesonly.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.cftpay.com ;; Query time: 44 msec
www.printyourbrackets.com ;; Query time: 84 msec
www.activtrak.com ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.childcarecenter.us ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.torrid.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.chromehearts.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.vnda.com.br ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.nethrainstruments.com ;; Query time: 529 msec
www.avantorsciences.com ;; Query time: 87 msec
www.spacenk.com ;; Query time: 323 msec
www.winetrain.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.wayndata.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.coinex.com ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.truper.com ;; Query time: 110 msec
www.40sdating.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.lac.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.hostinger.com.ar ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.seek.com ;; Query time: 42 msec
www.emich.edu ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.beautyplus.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.kldiscovery.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.fragomen.com ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.dbs.com.tw ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.sociologygroup.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.ingevity.com ;; Query time: 79 msec
www.title-generator.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.blindschalet.com ;; Query time: 90 msec
www.legacy.com ;; Query time: 185 msec
www.seochatter.com ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.attackiq.com ;; Query time: 212 msec
www.williams.edu ;; Query time: 80 msec
www.cvc.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.clarinsusa.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.jossandmain.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.myskills.gov.au ;; Query time: 168 msec
www.skinmedica.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
