www.bootbarn.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.curated.com ;; Query time: 63 msec
www.pewtrusts.org ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.jumia.com.ng ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.bitget.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.startech.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.actalis.it ;; Query time: 188 msec
www.biorxiv.org ;; Query time: 105 msec
www.chess.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.sante.fr ;; Query time: 375 msec
www.qlik.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.neutrogena.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.conac.cn ;; Query time: 584 msec
www.ons.gov.uk ;; Query time: 300 msec
www.vivint.com ;; Query time: 41 msec
www.hostinger.ru ;; Query time: 365 msec
www.cloudmanagementsuite.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.slashdot.org ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.rootsweb.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.nationbuilder.com ;; Query time: 42 msec
www.jumia.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.dexcom.com ;; Query time: 74 msec
www.sram.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.bethsoft.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.zetcode.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.ig.com.br ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.play2048.co ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.padi.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.gwu.edu ;; Query time: 83 msec
www.cloudways.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
