www.filminquiry.com ;; Query time: 55 msec
www.clarks.eu ;; Query time: 41 msec
www.greenbergglusker.com ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.emote.com ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.kotakcherry.com ;; Query time: 280 msec
www.lolrift.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.gettingpersonal.co.uk ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.isd.gov.hk ;; Query time: 188 msec
www.mms.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.aztaxes.gov ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.colehaan.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.keds.com ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.netanya.muni.il ;; Query time: 422 msec
www.icac.org.hk ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.openstack.org ;; Query time: 140 msec
www.hellofresh.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.picclife.cn ;; Query time: 286 msec
www.myalcon.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.techchange.org ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.wilton.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.rcrracing.com ;; Query time: 42 msec
www.hostinger.com.ar ;; Query time: 1 msec
www.monitorplex.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.pinsentmasons.com ;; Query time: 146 msec
www.pjzqkj.com ;; Query time: 282 msec
www.greatukpubs.co.uk ;; Query time: 152 msec
www.lpo.fr ;; Query time: 158 msec
www.cineca.org ;; Query time: 197 msec
www.vertbaudet.es ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.bipa.at ;; Query time: 360 msec
www.arachina.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.marcus.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.carlsberggroup.com ;; Query time: 75 msec
www.cloudsigma.com ;; Query time: 43 msec
www.scout24.com ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.cbre.es ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.ably.io ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.direxion.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.gmc-uk.org ;; Query time: 186 msec
www.bitdefender.com.au ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.abaenglish.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.katesomerville.com ;; Query time: 164 msec
www.deepcleanindia.com ;; Query time: 522 msec
www.ukinvestormagazine.co.uk ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.bitget.com ;; Query time: 1 msec
www.waltham.ma.us ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.hurtigruten.no ;; Query time: 199 msec
www.poe.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.hdchina.org ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.parkland.ca ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.gelato.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.ovs.it ;; Query time: 178 msec
www.fairpunishment.org ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.varomoney.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.dodgeandcox.com ;; Query time: 43 msec
www.propellerheads.se ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.collegeaftermath.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.caltech.edu ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.thefloreshouse.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.zavamed.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.axiros.com ;; Query time: 190 msec
www.cubcadet.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.wordsofwonders.net ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.gtaxz.run ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.gp.se ;; Query time: 164 msec
www.beautynesia.id ;; Query time: 355 msec
www.aaom.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.businessfirstonline.co.uk ;; Query time: 52 msec
www.mksa.top ;; Query time: 537 msec
