www.homelight.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.oklahoman.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.dietdoctor.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.thrillist.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.depop.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.voxmedia.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.dotdash.com ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.hiroshima-u.ac.jp ;; Query time: 138 msec
www.csustan.edu ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.saveur.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.health.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.yomiuri.co.jp ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.hanes.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.digitalspy.com ;; Query time: 7 msec
www.metacritic.com ;; Query time: 84 msec
www.511tactical.com ;; Query time: 41 msec
www.developer.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.defenseone.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.dndbeyond.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.ugo.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.beaumontenterprise.com ;; Query time: 52 msec
www.wbaltv.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.harryanddavid.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.timeanddate.com ; <<>> DiG 9.16.27-RH <<>> www.timeanddate.com
www.seventeen.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.simplyrecipes.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.chron.com ;; Query time: 68 msec
www.realhomes.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.fetlife.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.target.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
