www.rtbf.be ;; Query time: 258 msec
www.vogue.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.allrecipes.com ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.ryman.co.uk ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.wikihow.it ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.weightwatchers.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.therealreal.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.portland.gov ;; Query time: 41 msec
www.salesloft.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.computerworld.com.au ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.independentmail.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.imaios.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.about.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.focus-bikes.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.allshoppinghub.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.nen.nl ;; Query time: 168 msec
www.brightlysoftware.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.coolmathgames.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.simplychocolate.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.tvmidtvest.dk ;; Query time: 178 msec
www.paris.fr ;; Query time: 159 msec
www.wikihow.life ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.minted.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.weightwatchers.fr ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.livestream.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.wikihow.com.tr ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.telva.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.entrepreneur.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.mauricelacroix.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.lelo.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
