www.bigedition.com ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.discoverhealthinfo.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.decathlon.tw ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.nescafe.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.pekintimes.com ; <<>> DiG 9.16.27-RH <<>> www.pekintimes.com
www.fairtradeamerica.org ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.aclu.org ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.du.edu ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.travellink.com ;; Query time: 66 msec
www.palmbeachdailynews.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.depop.com ;; Query time: 2 msec
www.sangfor.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.idealista.pt ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.themoneyedit.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.audacy.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.footlocker.de ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.countryfile.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.platypusshoes.com.au ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.financiallease.nl ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.hallwines.com ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.thrillist.com ;; Query time: 1 msec
www.revenera.com ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.mergermarket.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.tiendeo.fr ;; Query time: 54 msec
www.injinji.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.dotabuff.com ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.ffhandball.fr ;; Query time: 154 msec
www.rodalesorganiclife.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.columbusmonthly.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.titansonline.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.cnnphilippines.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
