www.astaro.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.ecorebates.com ;; Query time: 84 msec
www.ticketspice.com ;; Query time: 65 msec
www.justatic.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.poynter.org ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.symantec.com ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.intsig.net ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.p-bandai.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.careem-pay.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.hellosign.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.decipherinc.com ;; Query time: 38 msec
www.internet-start.net ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.bentley.edu ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.bootsnipp.com ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.onehealthcareid.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.hateblo.jp ;; Query time: 142 msec
www.pathfactory.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.pm.gov.au ;; Query time: 203 msec
www.himado.in ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.awsdns-08.net ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.xome.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.tbb.com.tw ;; Query time: 283 msec
www.codehs.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.scaler.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.verintcloudservices.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.dmm.com ;; Query time: 146 msec
www.gotostage.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.bizjournals.com ;; Query time: 46 msec
www.bark.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.transtelco.net ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.kaywa.com ;; Query time: 326 msec
www.sanook.com ;; Query time: 494 msec
www.rasmussen.edu ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.unk.edu ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.viewsonic.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.mrf.io ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.allytech.com ;; Query time: 172 msec
www.surveymonkey.co.uk ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.btcex.com ;; Query time: 31 msec
www.keen.io ;; Query time: 104 msec
www.cao.go.jp ;; Query time: 308 msec
www.spoonflower.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.opb.org ;; Query time: 229 msec
www.vfcarbon.com ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.ok.co.uk ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.quest-on-demand.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.sainsburys.co.uk ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.cxense.com ;; Query time: 5 msec
www.betakit.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.happycow.net ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.wftv.com ;; Query time: 30 msec
www.udmserve.net ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.boat-lifestyle.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.title-max.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.cornelsen.de ;; Query time: 175 msec
www.wspbx.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.aerolineas.com.ar ;; Query time: 210 msec
www.triviatoday.com ;; Query time: 35 msec
www.mobiletulip.com ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.glovoapp.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.marketwired.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.jprime.jp ;; Query time: 157 msec
www.phraseapp.com ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.dns.tw ;; Query time: 147 msec
www.home.ad.jp ;; Query time: 121 msec
www.bntrace.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.ice.co.cr ;; Query time: 243 msec
www.mmi360.net ;; Query time: 47 msec
www.americansystems.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.knoji.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.ixinternal.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.newspaperdirect.com ;; Query time: 84 msec
www.freitag.de ;; Query time: 341 msec
www.builtwith.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.cloudimg.io ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.reachgeneric.co.uk ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.abebooks.de ;; Query time: 208 msec
www.15gifts.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.nikonimglib.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.fireoscaptiveportal.com ;; Query time: 45 msec
www.usembassy-china.org.cn ;; Query time: 1057 msec
www.billabong.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.wsj.net ;; Query time: 31 msec
www.imtwjwoasak.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.eposnowhq.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.sarenet.es ;; Query time: 347 msec
www.mobvista.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.waas-online.net ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.biteable.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.trtworld.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.magicstudio.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.aticdn.net ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.iflscience.com ;; Query time: 52 msec
www.wh00.ooo ;; Query time: 59 msec
www.counselingforstudents.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.razerzone.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.amnesty.org ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.heise.de ;; Query time: 338 msec
www.ibps.in ;; Query time: 1012 msec
www.acsevents.org ;; Query time: 45 msec
www.hkedcity.net ;; Query time: 421 msec
www.turtlesys.net ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.pro-market.net ;; Query time: 5 msec
www.first-colo.net ;; Query time: 160 msec
www.vidiq.com ;; Query time: 86 msec
www.media-412.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.repairpal.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.lexoffice.de ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.homebase.systems ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.voodoo-gaming.io ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.cimediacloud.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
