www.mahjongsoul.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.gluops.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.superworldapp.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.deep-purple.com ;; Query time: 520 msec
www.kishurim.k12.il ;; Query time: 826 msec
www.storewars.org ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.eyefinityehr.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.awsdns-22.com ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.projectcake.net ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.consult-info.ru ;; Query time: 369 msec
www.startupcafe.ro ;; Query time: 196 msec
www.unixtimestamp.com ; <<>> DiG 9.16.27-RH <<>> www.unixtimestamp.com
www.wholeeshopping.com ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.refparxjfj.top ;; Query time: 277 msec
www.runstellar.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.nawaat.org ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.listener.co.nz ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.talkplus.io ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.buscalibre.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.dengarden.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.stgermainliqueur.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.will-way.net ;; connection timed out; no servers could be reached
www.aarsbl.org ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.doordash.team ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.ikea.lt ;; Query time: 172 msec
www.breezi.com ;; Query time: 30 msec
www.medfusion.com ;; Query time: 232 msec
www.plexusmusic.net ;; Query time: 82 msec
www.plivo.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.noizz.pl ;; Query time: 189 msec
www.zerkalo-leonbets23.top ;; Query time: 184 msec
www.tvgame.com.tw ;; Query time: 316 msec
www.bfpartners.click ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.askmeresearch.com ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.sanjacinto-museum.org ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.paycheck.co.uk ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.layerfive.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.nstage.io ;; Query time: 31 msec
www.kingdomofloathing.com ;; Query time: 51 msec
www.tatonka.com ;; Query time: 173 msec
www.sndeep.info ;; Query time: 165 msec
www.elojobmax.com.br ;; Query time: 314 msec
www.frontpanelexpress.com ;; Query time: 331 msec
www.rct-sc.br ;; Query time: 655 msec
www.599net.cn ;; Query time: 1105 msec
www.cntr.io ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.appmediatracks.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.jazzdisco.org ;; Query time: 337 msec
www.ifmorigin.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.grashoney.com ;; connection timed out; no servers could be reached
www.waseet.net ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.auregister.com.au ;; Query time: 52 msec
www.vgik.info ;; Query time: 1171 msec
www.ah.edu.cn ;; Query time: 792 msec
www.turkcelightnovels.com ;; Query time: 363 msec
www.sterilis-logs.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.instantlyask.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.hydrogen.sh ;; Query time: 45 msec
www.techlockinc.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.studentlifemobile.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.saatchionline.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.printnode.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.5wpr.com ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.datarobot.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.creationwatches.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.babylonhealth.com ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.bpcyber.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.japancheapo.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.namucpa.com ;; Query time: 282 msec
www.dovico.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.vanyaland.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.htmlhelp.com ;; Query time: 92 msec
www.mepr.gov.ua ;; Query time: 386 msec
www.culturacolectiva.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.human.com.sg ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.foundationprogramme.nhs.uk ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.mcad.ru ;; Query time: 378 msec
www.pleroma.social ;; Query time: 159 msec
www.seafdec.org.ph ;; Query time: 732 msec
www.angelescape.com ;; Query time: 337 msec
www.sleep.me ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.faceinhole.com ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.modulabs.co.kr ;; Query time: 173 msec
www.marykaycdn.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.p1id.io ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.weezevent.com ;; Query time: 39 msec
www.shunchang.co.kr ;; Query time: 273 msec
www.waveruralconnect.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.nicklausdesign.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.tomekorea.com ;; Query time: 291 msec
www.collectorz.com ;; Query time: 5 msec
www.planday.cloud ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.canopytax.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.royalcollege.ca ;; Query time: 174 msec
www.recipelion.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.revidd.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.trustlymerchant.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.yocket.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.countable.us ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.instant.ly ;; Query time: 212 msec
www.ramper.com.br ;; Query time: 180 msec
www.heritagemfg.com ;; Query time: 38 msec
www.purewow.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.loftware.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.scottkelby.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.byeuro.co.kr ;; Query time: 134 msec
www.ncsi.com ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.extranet-rivp.fr ;; Query time: 342 msec
www.joycasino6.com ;; Query time: 82 msec
www.ccleaner-ru.info ;; Query time: 63 msec
www.nethorizontes.com.br ;; Query time: 157 msec
www.ilucca-recovery.net ;; Query time: 150 msec
www.mobiletosea.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.dawn3host.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.arrestedwebhosting.com.au ;; Query time: 611 msec
www.showme.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.cabotwealth.com ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.vidora.com ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.nikebiz.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.cedar-global-dns.net ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.nkrpg.com ;; Query time: 38 msec
www.lldns.net ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.smartfilter.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.livabl.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.chimchan.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.saso.gov.sa ;; Query time: 965 msec
www.worldoftrucks.com ;; Query time: 51 msec
www.webzim.net ;; Query time: 100 msec
www.innovae.cloud ;; Query time: 300 msec
www.delightchat.io ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.thewho.com ;; Query time: 91 msec
www.tbnet.org.tw ;; Query time: 292 msec
www.dogeared.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.locatrix.net ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.mlflagirvine.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.kadastrs.lv ;; Query time: 232 msec
www.crate.io ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.reviewx.io ;; Query time: 140 msec
www.rs-sdk.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.studybreakmedia.com ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.melbourneit.net ;; Query time: 663 msec
www.eol.org ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.capitaldata.fr ;; Query time: 301 msec
www.ticketmx.com ;; Query time: 38 msec
www.iagora.com ;; Query time: 51 msec
www.recruitee.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.bbdclients.net ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.imcanelones.gub.uy ;; Query time: 215 msec
www.fractalenlightenment.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.acemlna.com ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.lifecare.dev ;; Query time: 68 msec
www.bevspot.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.typhoonmgr.com ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.diskn.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.saba.com.au ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.pointlesshour.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.eezegrip.net ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.okita926.com ;; Query time: 7 msec
www.tdc-teladecinema.com.br ;; Query time: 724 msec
www.touchstatistics.com ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.free2move.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.bellasugar.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.ampsvc.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.magellantv.com ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.3dsignals.io ;; Query time: 42 msec
www.voltacharging.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.dailyreckoning.com.au ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.jazzpharma.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.mycingular.net ;; Query time: 120 msec
www.carblo.net ;; Query time: 123 msec
www.gorillagroup.com ;; Query time: 61 msec
www.cgocable.ca ;; Query time: 95 msec
www.exaw.co.kr ;; Query time: 477 msec
www.militarytimes.com ; <<>> DiG 9.16.27-RH <<>> www.militarytimes.com
www.wanderkokuho.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.history10.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.breezeway.io ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.unal.edu.co ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.awery.aero ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.aibsnlretd.org ;; Query time: 547 msec
www.consumer-coalition.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.jobot.com ;; Query time: 30 msec
www.rawbw.net ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.howjsay.com ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.ekey.bh ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.progressiveboink.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.gizmovzw.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.kleinreport.ch ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.tse.go.cr ;; Query time: 222 msec
www.smart-sense.org ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.777clubvulkan2.xyz ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.withbrides.co.jp ;; Query time: 7 msec
www.copper.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.tradein-program.com ;; Query time: 43 msec
www.audixusa.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.shopee.es ;; Query time: 207 msec
www.x-network.jp ;; Query time: 119 msec
www.smsb.co ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.altruistindia.com ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.qinetiq-na.com ;; Query time: 105 msec
www.de4jaargetijdenommen.nl ;; Query time: 295 msec
www.markant.de ;; Query time: 176 msec
www.ignatius.com ;; Query time: 68 msec
www.daily-winners.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.vetsource.com ;; Query time: 2 msec
www.amiprobashi.com ;; Query time: 45 msec
www.trafficrouter.io ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.geckoboard.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.swiship.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.ecni.fr ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.fast-serv.com ;; Query time: 1 msec
www.forplaycatalog.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.securityiqmail.net ;; Query time: 5 msec
www.cbe.ab.ca ;; Query time: 83 msec
www.embertech.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.meatme.cl ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.dixa.io ;; Query time: 51 msec
www.stargate-fusion.com ;; Query time: 306 msec
www.appfoliowebsites4.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.crucerosnet.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.news5cleveland.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.sansordonnancefrance.com ;; Query time: 158 msec
www.absencetracker.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.streamforex.net ;; Query time: 199 msec
www.piet2eix3l.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.valordigital.com.ar ;; Query time: 63 msec
www.trthaber.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.dvgk.ru ;; Query time: 437 msec
www.disquscdn.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.iwafune.ne.jp ;; Query time: 129 msec
www.seogroup7.tk ;; Query time: 476 msec
www.mudgeeguardian.com.au ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.supercomputing.org ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.phunuonline.com.vn ;; Query time: 189 msec
www.surflifesaving.com.au ;; Query time: 304 msec
www.sporfie.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.craigslist.ca ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.mobusi.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.yamabuki.co.jp ;; Query time: 117 msec
www.truevaluecompany.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.carsmile.pl ;; Query time: 150 msec
www.courtneyds.com.au ;; Query time: 307 msec
www.gonift.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.aapt.org ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.local.fr ;; Query time: 306 msec
www.mortalkombat.com ;; Query time: 51 msec
www.nicetits.pics ;; Query time: 52 msec
www.keepinfit.net ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.hostsapex.com ;; Query time: 66 msec
www.paradise.gen.nz ;; Query time: 455 msec
www.uagro.mx ;; Query time: 88 msec
www.sapo.cv ;; Query time: 779 msec
www.ufcw.org ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.enspirecommerce.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.giosg.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.teencounseling.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.stbaldricks.org ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.loanhd.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.movember.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.skyaboveus.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.sergeis-datacenter.co.uk ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.rusi.org ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.companyreview.co ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.oita-ed.jp ;; Query time: 129 msec
www.bjld.gov.cn ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.encheres-vo.com ;; Query time: 161 msec
www.thirteen.org ;; Query time: 161 msec
www.lowfares.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.xn--eckvas1f0ewfnc.com ;; Query time: 7 msec
www.windcreek.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.vlsmaps.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.disneyadsales.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.boam.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.uaf.gob.ni ;; Query time: 1174 msec
www.mymazda.com ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.pulpsushi.com ;; Query time: 82 msec
www.tylertech.cloud ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.cardlink.com.au ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.akinator.com ;; Query time: 198 msec
www.nrb.org.np ;; Query time: 1231 msec
www.documentonobrasil.com.br ;; Query time: 173 msec
www.f0ns3.ca ;; Query time: 80 msec
www.comfort.com ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.pal.co.id ;; Query time: 503 msec
www.groupdocs.app ;; Query time: 59 msec
www.warent-govies.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.gebetszeiten.de ;; Query time: 177 msec
www.columbiasportswear.ca ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.redesullog.com.br ;; Query time: 169 msec
www.twocanoes.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.publpush.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.potsdam-mittelmark.de ;; Query time: 343 msec
www.ticketco.events ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.refpaxatzr.top ;; Query time: 185 msec
www.teamintraining.org ;; Query time: 38 msec
www.oip.org ;; Query time: 301 msec
www.gupmagazine.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.homescan.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.puremature.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.li9jiy.net ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.cendantmobility.net ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.check24.de ;; Query time: 5 msec
www.wwwhosting.net ;; Query time: 168 msec
www.codacy.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.aalp1.net ;; Query time: 7 msec
www.campusconfirm.com ;; Query time: 52 msec
www.frappe.cloud ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.mcupcake.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.disneyatoz.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.bsisystems.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.globalsuite.net ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.aquafina.com ;; Query time: 63 msec
www.tesu.edu ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.contentsvr.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.pixelberry-live.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.merchante-solutions.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.webstatsdomain.org ;; Query time: 242 msec
www.acumatica.com ;; Query time: 56 msec
www.hmn.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.shopee.id ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.kochid.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.lineto.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.paralympic.ca ;; Query time: 30 msec
www.northernlight.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.bonniercorp.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.mytravelsolution.com ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.dns.net.kh ;; Query time: 620 msec
www.ayr.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.sqlskills.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.twentyfouri.net ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.thingpic.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.radiosantafe.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.grandlyon.com ;; Query time: 153 msec
www.alumniclass.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.caixinglobal.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.century21.ru ;; Query time: 401 msec
www.reebok.com.vn ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.mediabox.live ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.lemet.fr ;; Query time: 445 msec
www.helixbi.io ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.playwarcraft3.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.conventus.de ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.quip.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.pixijs.download ;; Query time: 68 msec
www.ua-war-2022.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.umweltdialog.de ;; Query time: 163 msec
www.coresuite.com ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.mieterengel.de ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.acuranews.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.ktvz.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.cosina.co.jp ;; Query time: 353 msec
www.gambleonlineaustralia.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.allinfaith.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.tinychat.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.stbank.net ;; Query time: 56 msec
www.smassets.net ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.carringbush.net ;; Query time: 174 msec
www.blogwings.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.amsyscorp.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.cambridge-news.co.uk ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.lycra.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.legendsoflearning.com ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.izettlepay.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.vixen.co.jp ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.dayton247now.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.mobitv.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.seoulbar.or.kr ;; Query time: 1252 msec
www.opt.nc ;; Query time: 370 msec
www.sewkis.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.wp-nav-pro.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.bidwrangler.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.xenonstack.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.discuss.io ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.competitionline.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.christomlin.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.nepia.co.jp ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.infonet.jp ;; Query time: 124 msec
www.hafawa.om ;; Query time: 254 msec
www.ifc.edu.br ;; Query time: 199 msec
www.saratoga.ca.us ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.angelgals.com ;; Query time: 154 msec
www.april-partenaires.fr ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.bison.run ;; Query time: 165 msec
www.curator.io ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.vitaminedz.com ;; Query time: 156 msec
www.giveaway.ninja ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.thedreamshake.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.mediawire.in ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.meinokai.com ;; Query time: 138 msec
www.cloudlock.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.seogroup37.ga ;; Query time: 470 msec
www.bookitsecure.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.st8.farm ;; Query time: 174 msec
www.csrhub.com ;; Query time: 53 msec
www.crazy-monkey-free.com ;; Query time: 80 msec
www.psigate.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.netdelabs.com ;; Query time: 82 msec
www.fuelmedia.io ;; Query time: 39 msec
www.dygdigital.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.sapns2.us ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.usonar.jp ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.cnv-medien.de ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.wolfgangpuck.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.kredifazz.com ;; Query time: 38 msec
www.scheidung.org ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.wesa.fm ;; Query time: 268 msec
www.footballnetwork.com.au ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.pizzamarketplace.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.orgonelab.org ;; Query time: 148 msec
www.tea-nifty.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.cgiar.org ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.monetate.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.solidfiles.com ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.fuelcycle.com ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.tikitengo.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.gommels-bienen.de ;; Query time: 340 msec
www.tntfireworks.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.bondbrandloyalty.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.dscpl.com.au ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.wissenschaft-aktuell.de ;; Query time: 162 msec
www.dodgers.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.cdtechno.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.fd5orie8e.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.libragameserver.net ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.hempfieldsd.org ;; Query time: 118 msec
www.mi-msg.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.brdtnet.com ;; Query time: 51 msec
www.holaluz.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.mrmondialisation.org ;; Query time: 443 msec
www.i157428.net ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.joom.ru ;; Query time: 176 msec
www.businessexpress-uk.com ;; Query time: 159 msec
www.cinetrafic.fr ;; Query time: 161 msec
www.thepublive.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.wsava.org ;; Query time: 35 msec
www.aad.gov.au ;; Query time: 211 msec
www.mortech-inc.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.connectsolutions.com ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.operieren.de ;; Query time: 182 msec
www.streetvoice.com ;; Query time: 50 msec
www.gameupup.net ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.hottybltch.net ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.mockquestions.com ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.platipusgaming.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.kubiki.ne.jp ;; Query time: 141 msec
www.sigrenea.com ;; Query time: 313 msec
www.urx.red ;; Query time: 135 msec
www.readyfor.jp ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.gwd.gov.cn ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.priority2030.ru ;; Query time: 347 msec
www.towebs.com ;; Query time: 428 msec
www.voffka.com ;; Query time: 410 msec
www.gameswfu.net ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.winzbro.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.senado.gov.br ;; Query time: 210 msec
www.genworth.ca ;; Query time: 174 msec
www.ngrdr.id ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.sympa-sympa.com ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.decathlon.com.co ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.rd4krsk.ru ;; Query time: 592 msec
www.mirabase.ru ;; Query time: 357 msec
www.rhinoshield.tw ;; Query time: 140 msec
www.thenomadhotel.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.fluct.jp ;; Query time: 35 msec
www.takemm.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.orylab.com ;; Query time: 189 msec
www.bungalow.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.beecut.com ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.mattermost.cloud ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.rentjungle.com ;; Query time: 109 msec
www.recognizeapp.com ;; Query time: 54 msec
www.aws-cbc.cloud ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.innocent-bridal.com ;; Query time: 132 msec
www.secureworks.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.sun-inet.or.jp ;; Query time: 121 msec
www.football-addict.com ;; Query time: 305 msec
www.reseaux-santeclair.com ;; Query time: 152 msec
www.herald-journal.com ;; Query time: 116 msec
www.kannet.ne.jp ;; Query time: 924 msec
www.q4api.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.msftemail.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.brwpks.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.bridgehunter.com ;; Query time: 41 msec
www.nextech.net ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.volleyball.com.hk ;; Query time: 434 msec
www.awardselect.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.muzikmanreviews.com ;; Query time: 39 msec
www.mag-web.com ;; Query time: 83 msec
www.stcharles.k12.la.us ;; Query time: 160 msec
www.cdgdc.edu.cn ;; Query time: 530 msec
www.xjpta.cn ;; Query time: 5 msec
www.fuvest.br ;; Query time: 346 msec
www.epltalk.com ;; Query time: 42 msec
www.ssd-armaturenshop.de ;; Query time: 164 msec
www.theknotpro.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.bf3stats.com ;; Query time: 163 msec
www.theiwsr.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.aclz.net ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.drpower.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.yal.cc ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.lesinrocks.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.nyko.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.dsu.ac.kr ;; Query time: 336 msec
www.privoxy.org ;; Query time: 2 msec
www.m-and-d.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.bordeaux.aeroport.fr ;; Query time: 804 msec
www.cirusdata.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.aerohive.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.mrcm.co.kr ;; Query time: 426 msec
www.channelnews.fr ;; Query time: 173 msec
www.ubx.net.br ;; Query time: 346 msec
www.reputon.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.findigs.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.cic.com ;; Query time: 134 msec
www.roxy.com ;; Query time: 59 msec
www.chesstempo.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.presidentialprayerteam.org ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.analytictech.com ;; Query time: 168 msec
www.8400.com.tw ;; Query time: 137 msec
www.eccbc.com ;; Query time: 191 msec
www.vandenbroele.be ;; Query time: 460 msec
www.wlu.edu ;; Query time: 3 msec
www.shared-hosting-server.com ;; Query time: 353 msec
www.maginfrastructure.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.worldbookonline.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.callsigm.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.infoconnect.com.my ;; Query time: 386 msec
www.stroinadzor56.ru ;; Query time: 189 msec
www.alaskaregisteredagent.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.mdauditenterprise.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.rbnewtv.com ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.affinities.io ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.hallestill.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.telenorid.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.jumpshare.com ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.sportsnetwork.com ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.mybuddy.ai ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.guiapurpura.com.ar ;; Query time: 167 msec
www.mrqz.click ;; Query time: 494 msec
www.finfort.ru ;; Query time: 377 msec
www.aspenideas.org ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.steelhousemedia.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.newnaughtyneighbors.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.mpforest.co.in ;; Query time: 64 msec
www.math-travel.com ;; Query time: 7 msec
www.quickpay.net ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.haecdn.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.insomniac.games ;; Query time: 41 msec
www.myhownd.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.gpl.net.id ;; Query time: 627 msec
www.silverstoneauctions.com ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.myparcelasia.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.zcloudcat.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.meg-snow.com ;; Query time: 155 msec
www.canadadrugsdirect.com ;; Query time: 30 msec
www.policechiefmagazine.org ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.a3sip.se ;; Query time: 363 msec
www.polynt.com ;; Query time: 230 msec
www.itp.net ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.ajimeguri.net ;; Query time: 336 msec
www.sw-soltau.de ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.listedbuy.com ;; Query time: 55 msec
www.sovsibir.ru ;; Query time: 805 msec
www.nationjob.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.zealdns.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.ironforce2.net ;; Query time: 44 msec
www.seteventshowroom.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.kkm.ne.jp ;; Query time: 134 msec
www.teltonika.lt ;; Query time: 198 msec
www.miliboo.com ;; Query time: 302 msec
www.aiqidwcfrm.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.ifba.edu.br ;; Query time: 368 msec
www.rusmedserv.com ;; Query time: 143 msec
www.submissionplatform.com ;; Query time: 55 msec
www.corsicatech.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.banquemanuvie.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.mangovoice.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.rubicon.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.moonpig.net ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.freshworksapps.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.skyscannerplatform.net ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.dobrzeubezpieczamy.pl ;; Query time: 295 msec
www.collegesanddegrees.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.awsdns-46.net ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.daewoo.com ;; Query time: 154 msec
www.ritaohio.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.openpay.mx ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.apprenticeships.gov.uk ;; Query time: 157 msec
www.neu.edu.cn ;; Query time: 873 msec
www.idemitsu.co.jp ;; Query time: 147 msec
www.kaplanlearn.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.ccapcable.com ;; Query time: 85 msec
www.cgv-expert.fr ;; Query time: 450 msec
www.journalofplay.org ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.searchmarquis.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.yaymicro.pl ;; Query time: 153 msec
www.carwiser.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.rulovar.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.hr4.ca ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.ichi-matsu.net ;; Query time: 418 msec
www.dnssys.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.getfondue.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.cnca.cn ;; Query time: 2406 msec
www.spayindia.in ;; Query time: 281 msec
www.whistic.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.volleyballaustralia.org.au ;; Query time: 581 msec
www.fortispay.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.dent-sys.net ;; Query time: 393 msec
www.minfin.gov.kz ;; Query time: 936 msec
www.polkascan.io ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.charlesriverapparel.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.truserv.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.mitic.gov.py ;; Query time: 201 msec
www.unitedstationers.net ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.drkellyannwellness.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.irislebanon.com ;; Query time: 182 msec
www.nikke-jp-news.com ;; Query time: 7 msec
www.branchcms.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.broadway.bank ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.resene.co.nz ;; Query time: 877 msec
www.healthunlocked.com ;; Query time: 85 msec
www.kanshin.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.wowyowapi.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.micromentor.org ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.afford.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.gator.io ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.colescareers.com.au ;; Query time: 250 msec
www.webcravings.com ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.shieldhealthcare.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.skyangel.com.mx ;; Query time: 52 msec
www.imu.edu.in ;; Query time: 1111 msec
www.clyp.it ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.codetantra.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.valinux.com ;; Query time: 105 msec
www.road-to-georgetown-mba.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.rotatemediafollow.win ;; Query time: 223 msec
www.jellyfish.co ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.sgn.net ;; Query time: 178 msec
www.grokker.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.ecommercepci.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.g-park.ne.jp ;; Query time: 148 msec
www.cubaminrex.cu ;; Query time: 1203 msec
www.punchhtacobell.com ;; Query time: 38 msec
www.1dial.net ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.privatesportshop.com ;; Query time: 156 msec
www.waldos.com.mx ;; Query time: 128 msec
www.cube.dev ;; Query time: 67 msec
www.fisher-fleig.org ;; Query time: 161 msec
www.aami.com.au ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.bambuser.io ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.degraeve.com ;; Query time: 2 msec
www.hakofo.com ;; Query time: 133 msec
www.ginpithed.live ;; Query time: 271 msec
www.inteegra.com.br ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.lodige.com ;; Query time: 313 msec
www.coran-en-ligne.com ;; Query time: 445 msec
www.elpractico.com ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.soumu.go.jp ;; Query time: 123 msec
www.dragonheadgames.com ;; Query time: 163 msec
www.haiku-textbook.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.growingstars.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.pbwiki.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.awsdns-31.com ;; Query time: 5 msec
www.imagizer.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.nic.pics ;; Query time: 7 msec
www.winpcap.org ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.ui.direct ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.shikigaku.jp ;; Query time: 188 msec
www.priceagencies.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.myoet.com ;; Query time: 299 msec
www.preferente.com ;; Query time: 296 msec
www.giftship.app ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.patronus-group.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.convertcase.net ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.promofarma.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.treecardgames.app ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.bouldercityreview.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.rollcall.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.sharks.cloud ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.mizukinana.jp ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.kakaoent.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.tocomama03.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.pripyat.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.clubcorpapp.com ;; Query time: 41 msec
www.instable-easher.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.radiologymasterclass.co.uk ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.gangnamunni.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.loft-prj.co.jp ;; Query time: 122 msec
www.steadfastsystem.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.mycingular.com ;; Query time: 35 msec
www.tocco-closet.co.jp ;; Query time: 380 msec
www.combineencouragingutmost.com ;; Query time: 191 msec
www.ai-land.co.jp ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.dmk.de ;; Query time: 180 msec
www.csmu.edu.cn ;; Query time: 1197 msec
www.veradigm.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.miff.com.au ;; Query time: 286 msec
www.hitrustalliance.net ;; Query time: 64 msec
www.europa-ts.ru ;; Query time: 373 msec
www.joincombo.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.numismaticnews.net ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.studionoah.jp ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.vonedge.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.vodafone.gr ;; Query time: 381 msec
www.aliansalud.com.co ;; Query time: 471 msec
www.cellebrite.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.awsdns-48.co.uk ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.lulac.org ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.finanscepte.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.titane.ca ;; Query time: 60 msec
www.soundscrate.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.candlewick.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.fccvpn.co.nz ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.aroundhome-production.de ;; Query time: 56 msec
www.condorbus.cl ;; Query time: 174 msec
www.pcicomplianceguide.org ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.jikei.ac.jp ;; Query time: 237 msec
www.kose.co.jp ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.rqtrk.eu ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.jabb3r.net ;; Query time: 193 msec
www.cupw.ca ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.usscouts.org ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.iposcentral.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.sparkhire.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.sonypal.in ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.sunglasses-shop.co.uk ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.kansensho.or.jp ;; Query time: 120 msec
www.kccs.co.jp ;; Query time: 120 msec
www.convert.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.couchdrop.io ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.ocean-mall.co.kr ;; Query time: 424 msec
www.bwpmlp.com ;; Query time: 120 msec
www.ocbackup.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.ms-vacances.com ;; Query time: 157 msec
www.fpjs.sh ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.coastapp.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.tideya.net ;; Query time: 83 msec
www.geniusbox.net ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.cellandgene.com ;; Query time: 51 msec
www.crl.edu ;; Query time: 142 msec
www.holts.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.frashmica.com ;; Query time: 309 msec
www.vaporstream.com ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.xn--7brq50bnvdnspi58a.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.businessballs.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.findmycrushes.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.ihmi.net ;; Query time: 50 msec
www.americanhondafinance.com ;; Query time: 64 msec
www.gott7.net ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.adtheorent.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.sakata.lg.jp ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.bytem.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.adobesunbreak.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.gtconnect.net ;; Query time: 90 msec
www.eyemyeye.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.dvnfo.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.naic.org ;; Query time: 51 msec
www.by.me ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.lgprk.com ;; Query time: 201 msec
www.sportingbull425.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.ur2inc.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.mydeposits.co.uk ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.mlb.tv ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.bad-gmbh.de ;; Query time: 329 msec
www.factiva.com ;; Query time: 89 msec
www.ubru.ac.th ;; Query time: 460 msec
www.ynnu.edu.cn ;; Query time: 375 msec
www.highwire.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.usastorenetwork.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.s1cta.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.srcode.net ;; Query time: 280 msec
www.chobizo.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.directgardening.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.demosphere-secure.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.comfi.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.samex.com.au ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.islrn.org ;; Query time: 304 msec
www.cuckoo.co.kr ;; Query time: 269 msec
www.certifiedsquaredeals.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.planeta-online.tv ;; Query time: 201 msec
www.starbucks.co.jp ;; Query time: 123 msec
www.channelexco.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.honeyfeed.fm ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.davincid.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.nttglobal.net ;; Query time: 42 msec
www.movableink.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.taxinstitute.com.au ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.apisevenlogics.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.stroyland.press ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.casinowinpalace.us ;; Query time: 132 msec
www.efosweb.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.getwestlondon.co.uk ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.hyblockcapital.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.convertri.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.freunden.org ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.r7sec.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.outdoorreview.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.teachiworld.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.kahoku.news ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.gire.com ;; Query time: 192 msec
www.carelistings.com ;; Query time: 38 msec
www.traversedlp.com ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.smrt-assets.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.bfuncc.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.aliasdmc.fr ;; Query time: 151 msec
www.outreach.cloud ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.rhalf.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.mudo.com.tr ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.pall.com ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.asmallworld.com ;; Query time: 5 msec
www.medicaldepartures.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.artantik.ru ;; Query time: 359 msec
www.ue.katowice.pl ;; Query time: 185 msec
www.diabloimmortal.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.bentoforbusiness.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.synup.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.kck.st ;; Query time: 63 msec
www.gf0070.co.kr ;; Query time: 526 msec
www.intellitxt.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.splidejs.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.originhosting.io ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.operarymishear.store ;; Query time: 201 msec
www.mygoldenx.pro ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.playbillvault.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.cityofdoral.com ;; Query time: 598 msec
www.ajera.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.adamj.eu ;; Query time: 39 msec
www.aldi-gruene-energie.de ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.mjoy2.com ;; Query time: 45 msec
www.manubank.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.ubezpieczeniemojcompan.pl ;; Query time: 150 msec
www.realforeclose.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.xshuttle.net.au ;; Query time: 316 msec
www.citientertainment.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.solitairehalloween.com ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.logpostback.com ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.drogariaspacheco.com.br ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.bikesignup.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.ussteel.com ;; Query time: 67 msec
www.olympus.com ;; Query time: 47 msec
www.wfosaas.com ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.rhein-neckar-kreis.de ;; Query time: 738 msec
www.ssensemedia.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.newschannel20.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.g-live.info ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.vivion.jp ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.sbcloud.us ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.research.net ;; Query time: 65 msec
www.strvtech.net ;; Query time: 135 msec
www.linksat.com.ar ;; Query time: 173 msec
www.knitpicks.com ;; Query time: 62 msec
www.ydihosting.net ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.tremnet.com.br ;; Query time: 143 msec
www.richmond-news.com ;; Query time: 47 msec
www.ragoarts.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.iati.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.mashreqtalks.money ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.link.kg ;; Query time: 361 msec
www.socialjukebox.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.amnesty.nl ;; Query time: 30 msec
www.sagepub.co.uk ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.samsung-gamelauncher.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.europe-spa.fr ;; Query time: 151 msec
www.cetud-observatoire.sn ;; Query time: 304 msec
www.ccfi.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.fsnservice.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.cosmart.id ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.janestreet.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.ucanwest.ca ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.lenta.com ;; Query time: 201 msec
www.worldcorp-jp.com ;; Query time: 137 msec
www.okuhanako.com ;; Query time: 126 msec
www.lalinks.org ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.cornerbakerycafe.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.theydiffer.com ;; Query time: 42 msec
www.spokanefederal.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.inventorylab.com ;; Query time: 45 msec
www.fabt.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.ic-joycasino.top ;; Query time: 184 msec
www.melascrivi.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.shizenha.ne.jp ;; Query time: 120 msec
www.kompasgramedia.com ;; Query time: 221 msec
www.insops.net ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.odawan.net ;; Query time: 305 msec
www.verifyt.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.chgfe.biz ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.ecc.ru ;; Query time: 548 msec
www.teniteo.jp ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.crimepulse.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.nteinc.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.municipalrecordsearch.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.artizan.net ;; Query time: 96 msec
www.pricewatch.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.campeones.com.ar ;; Query time: 577 msec
www.gravity-apps.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.inseng.net ;; Query time: 50 msec
www.tomorrow.one ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.golflefleur.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.optometrists.org ;; Query time: 136 msec
www.vroom.org ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.smarthealthshopforum.com ;; Query time: 159 msec
www.cyhg.gov.tw ;; Query time: 283 msec
www.okinawastory.jp ;; Query time: 148 msec
www.bluemaxima.org ;; Query time: 158 msec
www.isis.ne.jp ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.verkada-lan.com ;; Query time: 5 msec
www.ipsystems.com.au ;; Query time: 221 msec
www.rokuapi.net ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.gradientfg.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.hungerfordprimaryschool.co.uk ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.cayzu.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.kisti.re.kr ;; Query time: 267 msec
www.seoul.co.kr ;; Query time: 283 msec
www.bokborsen.se ;; Query time: 190 msec
www.e-okinet.biz ;; Query time: 7 msec
www.cjt3w2kxrv.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.torcai.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.paper.li ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.cptr.no ;; Query time: 50 msec
www.penguinrandomhousehighereducation.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.hillco.com ;; Query time: 90 msec
www.guyasyou.ru ;; Query time: 707 msec
www.masomogaming.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.apexinnotech.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.net.ee ;; Query time: 764 msec
www.dns-oarc.net ;; Query time: 81 msec
www.ibu4gin.net ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.fitgrid.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.datavista.in ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.vpap.org ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.emaiq-na3.net ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.spribegaming.com ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.goodaccess.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.fyv.us ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.runkeeper.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.enerdata.net ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.blocksite.co ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.febras.ru ;; Query time: 1379 msec
www.pageinsider.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.gachancipa-cundinamarca.gov.co ;; Query time: 138 msec
www.trackingplan.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.tjtc.edu.cn ;; Query time: 425 msec
www.sencelles.cat ;; Query time: 340 msec
www.actinate.com ;; Query time: 35 msec
www.cloud-catcher.jp ;; Query time: 52 msec
www.douga-kanji.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.dreamhost.co.in ;; Query time: 1135 msec
www.mindef.gov.ar ;; Query time: 364 msec
www.salesource.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.byus.net ;; Query time: 149 msec
www.amsterdamhangout.com ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.termine-reservieren.de ;; Query time: 164 msec
www.ifxbuy.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.fareharbor.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.cultrix-hosting.co.uk ;; Query time: 295 msec
www.infirmiers.com ;; Query time: 157 msec
www.matricula-online.eu ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.apro.bid ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.mandichost.com.br ;; Query time: 1001 msec
www.simhost.org ;; Query time: 202 msec
www.31op.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.bamstatic.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.delsur.com.ve ;; Query time: 365 msec
www.dedrone.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.pandadoc-static.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.mscp.cn ;; Query time: 1284 msec
www.sitecounter.site ;; Query time: 176 msec
www.aen.pr.gov.br ;; Query time: 206 msec
www.cognix-systems.net ;; Query time: 302 msec
www.pixc.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.hotkey.net.au ;; Query time: 173 msec
www.test4asep.gr ;; Query time: 197 msec
www.rivery.io ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.almamedia.io ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.celinaumc.org ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.wisdmlabs.net ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.sbst.gov ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.kemlu.go.id ;; Query time: 427 msec
www.sr-mediathek.de ;; Query time: 495 msec
www.srchinaw.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.thelotter.com ;; Query time: 48 msec
www.schibsted.digital ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.efl.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.hagerty.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.lnist.edu.cn ;; Query time: 1222 msec
www.goto-games.net ;; Query time: 158 msec
www.clinicalview360.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.tessabit.com ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.onlinenw.com ;; Query time: 31 msec
www.maaf.fr ;; Query time: 160 msec
www.calsaws.org ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.aerztezeitung.de ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.texthelp.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.pearidgek12.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.reelmccoyfishing.net ;; Query time: 112 msec
www.macronix.com ;; Query time: 154 msec
www.calamari.io ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.ronsonpainting.com ;; Query time: 31 msec
www.ryerson.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.huellendirekt.de ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.tehnoplaneta.in.ua ;; Query time: 373 msec
www.mkt3579.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.in-berlin-brandenburg.com ;; Query time: 313 msec
www.zipify.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.picpay.com.br ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.myinstamojo.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.aswell.net ;; connection timed out; no servers could be reached
www.statisticbrain.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.lmbet51.xyz ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.refpakrqrmwd.top ;; Query time: 185 msec
www.directv.com.ar ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.bukinist.al ;; Query time: 197 msec
www.lephoceen.fr ;; Query time: 150 msec
www.kslsports.com ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.umifact.de ;; Query time: 164 msec
www.encowlprosely.space ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.cleanup.jp ;; Query time: 199 msec
www.radio24.ch ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.shopperplus.ca ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.zepheira.com ;; Query time: 55 msec
www.helloaudio.fm ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.eletricajb.com.br ;; Query time: 332 msec
www.magicstudio.com ;; Query time: 1 msec
www.dkb.de ;; Query time: 173 msec
www.solstice.us ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.isb.ac.th ;; Query time: 947 msec
www.lippert.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.visafranchise.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.thesignaturehotel.co.bw ;; Query time: 362 msec
www.delta-search.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.grlcontent.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.cmstudies.org ;; connection timed out; no servers could be reached
www.russia.org.cn ;; Query time: 1618 msec
www.uvadcspt.lk ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.rollingstone.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.sbobethk.com ;; Query time: 178 msec
www.hotelsearchdirect.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.podkopaev.ru ;; Query time: 374 msec
www.merklesearch.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.senescyt.gob.ec ;; Query time: 361 msec
www.bevis.sg ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.nttdataservices.com ;; Query time: 73 msec
www.tuivillas.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.sarannashamukti.com ;; Query time: 87 msec
www.bestmastersdegrees.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.blacksquad.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.evilapples.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.trainbusferry.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.xenegrade.net ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.blindletter.com ;; Query time: 30 msec
www.cancam.jp ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.microimpuls.com ;; Query time: 197 msec
www.beseekksenihoor3.top ;; Query time: 279 msec
www.apriori.net ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.a2pilot.org ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.110designs.com ;; Query time: 189 msec
www.pocketsights.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.heibonsha.co.jp ;; Query time: 308 msec
www.tv9marathi.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.tofler.in ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.www-f.cn ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.kap-base.com ;; Query time: 7 msec
www.hactcm.edu.cn ;; Query time: 358 msec
www.researchsurv.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.willsubplus.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.futbolemotion.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.attorneycredits.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.sourserve.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.merzaesthetics.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.eat.jp ;; Query time: 122 msec
www.youtube0.ru ;; Query time: 396 msec
www.puzzles.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.onmarshtompor.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.petersontuners.com ;; Query time: 43 msec
www.gen.al ;; Query time: 185 msec
www.12apostleshotel.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.v12software.dev ;; Query time: 78 msec
www.liaab.nl ;; Query time: 167 msec
