www.msafflnk.net ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.leadshook.io ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.mriresidentconnect.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.staging.photos ;; Query time: 62 msec
www.zunsoach.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.telmex.net.pe ;; Query time: 128 msec
www.skyfish.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.srchlluv.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.ema.md ;; Query time: 222 msec
www.senecalearning.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.brightgauge.co ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.alb.de ;; Query time: 188 msec
www.wantchinatimes.com ; <<>> DiG 9.16.27-RH <<>> www.wantchinatimes.com
www.no-burn.org ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.fastpark.net ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.franksredhot.com ;; Query time: 44 msec
www.mecabricks.com ;; Query time: 305 msec
www.globalcrossing.com.co ;; Query time: 127 msec
www.ympxl.com ;; Query time: 31 msec
www.syngency.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.appmetr.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.priameric-atlets.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.nacion.com ;; Query time: 137 msec
www.braunability.com ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.eaza.net ;; Query time: 290 msec
www.statdm.ru ;; Query time: 357 msec
www.cloud9.gg ;; Query time: 67 msec
www.rusdate.de ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.jobscout24.ch ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.sqreen.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.beginningboutique.com.au ;; Query time: 205 msec
www.detektorgps.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.billowybelief.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.infobunker.com ;; Query time: 49 msec
www.jpegmini.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.fanthreesixty.com ;; Query time: 46 msec
www.azonline.de ;; Query time: 169 msec
www.alleghenycounty.us ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.plumvillage.org ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.wpbx.net ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.brighthubpm.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.marmottan.fr ;; Query time: 150 msec
www.itshot.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.kyoceradocumentsolutions.eu ;; Query time: 67 msec
www.strapi.io ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.ub66.com ;; Query time: 41 msec
www.wlu.edu ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.ateam-ad.jp ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.csidenet.com ;; Query time: 241 msec
www.engelholm.se ;; Query time: 515 msec
www.ontempworks.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.e-shopdesigner.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.staffr.net ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.prospr.work ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.kissonline.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.suny.edu ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.cultura.es.gov.br ;; Query time: 201 msec
www.mts-chita.ru ;; Query time: 200 msec
www.medela.us ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.4eins.de ;; Query time: 174 msec
www.shopee.sg ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.rlcdn.com ;; Query time: 51 msec
www.postclickmarketing.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.onrender.com ;; Query time: 5 msec
www.privoxy.org ;; Query time: 163 msec
www.openhostingservice.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.craigslist.com ;; Query time: 155 msec
www.fashionwalker.com ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.hoststar.ch ;; Query time: 309 msec
www.ucv.cl ;; Query time: 203 msec
www.illuvium.io ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.jkopay.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.houstontx.gov ;; Query time: 54 msec
www.mystreamplayer.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.careered.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.recrutamentointeligente.net ;; Query time: 44 msec
www.degraeve.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.rem-graphics.net ;; Query time: 198 msec
www.theta360.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.dhiaws.com ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.baotintuc.vn ;; Query time: 398 msec
www.derbysoftca.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.awsdns-45.com ;; Query time: 5 msec
www.transparent.ly ;; Query time: 191 msec
www.eastidahonews.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.diia.gov.ua ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.gta.ru ;; Query time: 374 msec
www.gamer.nl ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.garvan.org.au ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.ppcmate.com ;; Query time: 169 msec
www.huel.io ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.blogher.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.cartrade.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.indomco.org ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.shabakah.net.sa ;; Query time: 55 msec
www.bigshoptoken.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.dyinglightgame.com ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.okinawatimes.co.jp ; <<>> DiG 9.16.27-RH <<>> www.okinawatimes.co.jp
www.vncdn.vn ;; Query time: 209 msec
www.cafebonappetit.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.cyprus.gov.cy ;; Query time: 408 msec
www.experian.com ;; Query time: 177 msec
www.dymatrix.cloud ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.quicinc.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.suitesync.io ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.eschelon.com ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.softcube.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.pairsite.com ;; Query time: 120 msec
www.zon.pt ;; Query time: 176 msec
www.29cm.co.kr ;; Query time: 137 msec
www.ncgm.go.jp ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.playcus.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.adhouse.pro ;; Query time: 621 msec
www.betfred.com ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.3people.com.tw ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.documentportal.com ;; Query time: 54 msec
www.edicomgroup.com ;; Query time: 181 msec
www.flextv.co.kr ;; Query time: 146 msec
www.tempoplatform.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.gatorade.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.ironpla.net ;; Query time: 139 msec
www.personahost.net ;; Query time: 195 msec
www.easyzoom.com ;; Query time: 44 msec
www.talkingretail.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.syrpjbu.com ;; Query time: 68 msec
www.kurtgeiger.us ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.icma.org ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.extradom.pl ;; Query time: 44 msec
www.dictation.io ;; Query time: 181 msec
www.arcadia.com ;; Query time: 81 msec
www.indosat.com ;; Query time: 207 msec
www.rumbleinthegarden.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.hatchbaby.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.mts.net ;; Query time: 659 msec
www.team-cymru.com ;; Query time: 84 msec
www.shopventory.com ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.landingi.io ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.dive.games ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.thefirstnews.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.gph.gov.sa ;; Query time: 251 msec
www.policescanner.us ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.getmyboat.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.rosavtodor.ru ;; Query time: 382 msec
www.girlsofdesire.org ;; Query time: 246 msec
www.wikivoyage.org ;; Query time: 148 msec
www.similarsites.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.inanomo.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.cymru.com ;; Query time: 52 msec
www.affirm.ca ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.thefinancialdiet.com ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.icarros.com.br ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.getresponse-mail.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.dignifi.com ;; Query time: 63 msec
www.thinkingltv.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.lawmatics.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.vimondtv.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.bloomfire.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.tvtrip-cdn.net ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.thekrazycouponlady.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.hnie.edu.cn ;; Query time: 1195 msec
www.blaek.de ;; Query time: 169 msec
www.kgstores.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.hyperscale.com ;; Query time: 95 msec
www.jamacloud.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.content-offers.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.intelligems.io ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.rorotoko.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.bemobtrcks.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.castleagegame.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.anzca.edu.au ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.hrmdirect.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.lovely-media.jp ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.cornershop.jp ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.affirmtrust.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.oceans-nadia.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.constellis.com ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.shelterforce.org ;; Query time: 84 msec
www.adesk.ru ;; Query time: 344 msec
www.nmo-ep.nl ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.personio-internal.de ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.digitalone.com ;; Query time: 256 msec
www.searchmarketing.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.knoema.com ;; Query time: 48 msec
www.cuisez.com ;; Query time: 180 msec
www.afero.io ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.parkwhiz.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.evrythng.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.bot.com.tw ;; Query time: 156 msec
www.whtimes.co.uk ; <<>> DiG 9.16.27-RH <<>> www.whtimes.co.uk
www.embratel.net.br ;; Query time: 186 msec
www.dugout.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.imaeil.com ;; Query time: 308 msec
www.contentraven.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.pivotinteractives.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.silverpop.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.rsm.cloud ;; Query time: 309 msec
www.aspyr.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.btcchat.io ;; Query time: 262 msec
www.tara.ru ;; Query time: 778 msec
www.residentevil.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.sygic.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.nanrenvip9.cc ;; Query time: 45 msec
www.realitymine.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.sonicdx.com.au ;; Query time: 553 msec
www.zyngawithfriends.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.mettl.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.emarsys.net ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.seedonk.com ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.amateurs-gone-wild.com ;; Query time: 83 msec
www.mycampusprint.nl ;; Query time: 165 msec
www.cyberpowersystems.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.deliverytrafficnews.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.swalk.co ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.uwm.edu.pl ;; Query time: 550 msec
www.weatherlycloud.com ;; Query time: 143 msec
www.mc6.co ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.yj.fr ;; Query time: 234 msec
www.paintnite.com ;; Query time: 41 msec
www.nnnow.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.edas.info ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.jyes.com.tw ;; Query time: 154 msec
www.fast-serv.com ;; Query time: 106 msec
www.cloudpoint.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.hazelden.org ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.bandisoft.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.sportsbusinessdaily.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.baqend.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.chinaedu.edu.cn ;; Query time: 369 msec
www.mysexymatches.com ;; Query time: 30 msec
www.davivienda.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.idec.net ;; Query time: 196 msec
www.pushmatic.io ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.pacificinternet.com ;; Query time: 202 msec
www.rusi.org ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.supercast.tech ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.gog-statics.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.intouchposonline.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.guthrie.org ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.ryder.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.payfit.es ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.loyaltylion.net ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.muc.edu.cn ;; Query time: 420 msec
www.bandicam.co.kr ;; Query time: 144 msec
www.mable.ai ;; Query time: 246 msec
www.18p.fun ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.goodbullhunting.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.caz79toto.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.utel.ua ;; Query time: 598 msec
www.sheba.co.il ;; Query time: 667 msec
www.cloudx.pro ;; Query time: 352 msec
www.weplan-app.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.incontact.com ;; Query time: 50 msec
www.anphabe.com ;; Query time: 74 msec
www.reservix.de ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.rev-stripe.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.trackerrysrv.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.mudo.com.tr ;; Query time: 212 msec
www.zillow.net ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.versum.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.bookriot.com ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.cartaoriocard.com.br ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.edgefonts.net ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.growtix.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.comlaw.gov.au ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.nimhuemark.com ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.hsu.edu ;; Query time: 151 msec
www.lifemote.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.albertsons.com ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.thaiware.com ;; Query time: 433 msec
www.sportslogos.net ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.ss-domain.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.awsdns-60.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.nao.ac.jp ;; Query time: 339 msec
www.legerdesheils.nl ;; Query time: 160 msec
www.qiangmi.com ;; Query time: 746 msec
www.gamerant.com ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.osell.com ;; Query time: 307 msec
www.thewebconsole.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.infovalley.ad.jp ;; Query time: 133 msec
www.sliplay.se ;; Query time: 219 msec
www.aabanorte.com ;; Query time: 68 msec
www.grab.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.mservice.io ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.vtubermatome.net ;; Query time: 191 msec
www.megaproxy.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.marketingcloudapis.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.arc.gov.au ;; Query time: 50 msec
www.egistec.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.vmsproxy.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.easee.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.supersip.net ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.redbluffdailynews.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.gio.com.au ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.powerhost.cl ;; Query time: 347 msec
www.talix.com ;; Query time: 47 msec
www.seiyu.co.jp ;; Query time: 587 msec
www.nasuni.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.ff-americas.com ;; Query time: 88 msec
www.astrazeneca.net ;; Query time: 65 msec
www.mypromomall.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.tj.gov.cn ;; Query time: 222 msec
www.sablesong.com ;; Query time: 38 msec
www.uaudio.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.svod.io ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.flerap.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.userway.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.thepattern.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.4tololo.ru ;; Query time: 405 msec
www.crossinstall.com ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.clicavisos.com.ar ;; Query time: 572 msec
www.leonardocontentcloud.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.rusiem.com ;; Query time: 848 msec
www.zaubacorp.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.orange.sk ;; Query time: 178 msec
www.ebill.coop ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.datapark.ch ;; Query time: 369 msec
www.blinkreceipt.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.zooplus.pt ;; Query time: 228 msec
www.hutch.lk ;; Query time: 445 msec
www.whois-servers.net ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.zonos.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.notey.com ;; Query time: 43 msec
www.cobaltgroup.com ;; Query time: 42 msec
www.pillpack.us ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.treecardgames.app ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.utiitsl.com ;; Query time: 2437 msec
www.afip.gob.ar ;; Query time: 345 msec
www.omgsweeps.info ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.dentrixascend.com ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.dvec.ru ;; Query time: 429 msec
www.dropboxer.net ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.freecreditreport.com ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.awem-platform.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.viewsurf.com ;; Query time: 151 msec
www.j2c.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.wehago.com ;; Query time: 156 msec
www.7gra.us ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.prephoops.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.onvictinitor.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.rhinoshield.io ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.gsngames.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.unqork.tech ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.nepalembassy.gov.np ;; Query time: 510 msec
www.zeamster.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.costabrava.org ;; Query time: 507 msec
www.hkrtrainings.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.advancedeventsystems.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.jpjs9.com ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.originmedia.tv ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.wompi.co ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.corelight.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.kitchenstories.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.budgenetwork.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.waco-texas.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.cederj.edu.br ;; Query time: 1160 msec
www.cernet.net ;; Query time: 376 msec
www.entregadigital.app.br ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.planex.co.jp ;; Query time: 126 msec
www.olicdn.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.chickteases.com ;; Query time: 180 msec
www.money101.com.tw ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.hepec.edu.cn ;; Query time: 357 msec
www.sm.gov.cn ;; Query time: 223 msec
www.cpesr.com.ar ;; Query time: 218 msec
www.knowyourmeme.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.dsmartgo.com.tr ;; Query time: 424 msec
www.cribl.cloud ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.eironclad.com ;; Query time: 45 msec
www.faceapp.io ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.kzhi.tech ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.mitdps.net ;; Query time: 300 msec
www.ttsep.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.dexterchaney.com ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.teradyne.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.officialcharts.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.supportingcast.fm ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.bannersnack.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.mypurecloud.com.au ;; Query time: 31 msec
www.www.gov.co ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.healthx.com ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.codingrooms.com ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.sparkletts.com ;; Query time: 80 msec
www.sinter-collect.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.earthnetworks.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.aninding-branship.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.yandex.eu ;; Query time: 754 msec
www.invisioncommunity.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.trulia-cdn.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.goads.pro ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.fashionjobs.tech ;; Query time: 310 msec
www.chinaunicom.cn ;; Query time: 533 msec
www.neogen.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.conductrics.net ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.articobits.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.cablevision.net.mx ;; Query time: 2 msec
www.bonzaicloud.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.myfoscam.org ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.vetsource.com ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.odcorp.net ;; Query time: 38 msec
www.srpcompanies.com ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.stockideal.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.newspic.kr ;; Query time: 142 msec
www.pressenetz.de ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.lecom.edu ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.darktracesensor.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.walutomat.pl ;; Query time: 223 msec
www.milacares.com ;; Query time: 39 msec
www.rpubs.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.cdnlogo.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.efrag.org ;; Query time: 174 msec
www.lgg.cl ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.neptune.net ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.experiancs.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.mutualart.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.laperla.com ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.dailygood.org ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.panchonet.net ;; Query time: 962 msec
www.yareel.com ;; Query time: 207 msec
www.smartology.co ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.sykescottages.co.uk ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.esr.cri.nz ;; Query time: 222 msec
www.unic.ac.cy ;; Query time: 205 msec
www.az.gov ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.stlmag.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.gotoporn.xyz ;; Query time: 325 msec
www.mehrdc.com ;; Query time: 127 msec
www.virginia-gl.com ;; Query time: 80 msec
www.zmartagroup.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.2go.com ;; Query time: 54 msec
www.lefaso.net ;; Query time: 156 msec
www.airdesksolutions.com ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.365scores.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.fanlink.to ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.yju.ac.kr ;; Query time: 277 msec
www.sportsentry.ne.jp ;; Query time: 206 msec
www.form-mailer.jp ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.courtlistener.com ;; Query time: 28 msec
www.evgnet.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.inps-jung.net ;; Query time: 64 msec
www.s3s-main.net ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.kreonet.net ;; Query time: 1485 msec
www.bdg.kr ;; Query time: 605 msec
www.saksinc.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.netjets.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.embratelcloud.com.br ;; Query time: 176 msec
www.sandiegouniontribune.com www.sandiegouniontribune.com. 60 IN	CNAME	sandiego.prod.ca-times.psdops.com.
www.babysits.com.br ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.theapplicantmanager.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.gazettelive.co.uk ;; Query time: 30 msec
www.cloud66.net ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.opera.org.au ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.youworkforthem.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.neo24.pl ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.hbomaxcdn.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.ylopo.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.telecomottawa.com ;; Query time: 139 msec
www.oghub.io ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.iceportal.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.sketch.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.simple-talk.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.mycybercns.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.tommcfarlin.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.avepoint.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.mortgagecoach.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.pdr.net ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.cellcontrol.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.atbsdns.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.pornclub.com ;; Query time: 81 msec
www.cloud-iq.com ;; Query time: 38 msec
www.blinkforhome.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.bsomusic.org ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.bgfoodsinc.net ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.pazienti.it ;; Query time: 183 msec
www.medicalnote.jp ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.c-ij.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.awsdns-25.org ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.eco.id ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.sinochem.com ;; Query time: 609 msec
www.g-witch.net ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.veronicabeard.com ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.h-net.org ;; Query time: 66 msec
www.wiadomosci24.pl ;; Query time: 354 msec
www.iwa.info ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.wtkr.com ;; Query time: 78 msec
www.seabank.io ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.schlitterbahn.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.revelup.io ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.alpha222.com ;; Query time: 194 msec
www.moviewalker.jp ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.indianbank.net.in ;; Query time: 249 msec
www.retrorgb.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.rs1.net.au ;; Query time: 174 msec
