www.galpenergia.com ;; Query time: 150 msec
www.3nv.ru ;; Query time: 365 msec
www.webbplatsen.se ;; Query time: 403 msec
www.f1technical.net ;; Query time: 359 msec
www.fox-net.ru ;; Query time: 375 msec
www.udg.es ;; Query time: 199 msec
www.expoforum.ru ;; Query time: 362 msec
www.tageblatt.de ;; Query time: 164 msec
www.gruender.de ;; Query time: 180 msec
www.interfax-russia.ru ;; Query time: 368 msec
www.securenameserver11.net ;; Query time: 306 msec
www.ak-home.ru ;; Query time: 1332 msec
www.gnome-look.org ;; Query time: 35 msec
www.tennis-benelux.ru ;; Query time: 370 msec
www.digitalextremes.com ;; Query time: 208 msec
www.compass.it ;; Query time: 174 msec
www.growthbusiness.co.uk ;; Query time: 146 msec
www.cvdesignr.com ;; Query time: 141 msec
www.voith.net ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.oister.dk ;; Query time: 527 msec
www.pointdnshere.com ;; Query time: 2 msec
www.nanokovrik.ru ;; Query time: 377 msec
www.magtu.ru ;; Query time: 386 msec
www.avsvmcloud.com ;; Query time: 160 msec
www.unitedhosting.co.uk ;; Query time: 575 msec
www.bossvideotube.com ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.wi-fi.click ;; Query time: 202 msec
www.botslab.com ;; Query time: 128 msec
www.vanschneider.com ;; Query time: 169 msec
www.nlai.ir ;; Query time: 412 msec
www.aktasweb.com ;; Query time: 417 msec
www.grannycinema.com ;; Query time: 153 msec
www.haw.company ;; Query time: 371 msec
www.pm-international.com ;; Query time: 165 msec
www.touchit.sk ;; Query time: 346 msec
www.indusov.net ;; Query time: 256 msec
www.penguinrandomhouse.de ;; Query time: 170 msec
www.christiandior.com ;; Query time: 75 msec
www.amen.fr ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.bookmark-favoriten.com ;; Query time: 177 msec
www.robotov.net ;; connection timed out; no servers could be reached
www.kraeuterhaus.de ;; Query time: 179 msec
www.regione.abruzzo.it ;; Query time: 193 msec
www.maturezilla.com ;; Query time: 153 msec
www.krokotak.com ;; Query time: 361 msec
www.dafy-moto.com ;; Query time: 307 msec
www.tdrnetworks.com ;; Query time: 333 msec
www.umekana.ru ;; Query time: 2053 msec
www.generastudio.com ;; Query time: 96 msec
www.lethalperformance.com ;; Query time: 310 msec
www.flaktgroup.com ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.fastbox.su ;; Query time: 366 msec
www.bitnovo.com ;; Query time: 73 msec
www.rammco.com ;; Query time: 39 msec
www.alidi.ru ;; Query time: 363 msec
www.ngha.med.sa ;; Query time: 914 msec
www.actuguinee.org ;; Query time: 151 msec
www.openhosting.ru ;; Query time: 737 msec
www.tenethealth.net ;; Query time: 139 msec
www.zpu-journal.ru ;; Query time: 542 msec
www.turkrdns.com ;; Query time: 207 msec
www.whshost.com ;; Query time: 343 msec
www.atsat.com ;; Query time: 185 msec
www.webhostingireland.eu ;; Query time: 310 msec
www.podrygka.ru ;; Query time: 1369 msec
www.fnfis.com ;; Query time: 75 msec
www.glock.com ;; Query time: 59 msec
www.servereyes.de ;; Query time: 1290 msec
www.luxfibra.net.br ;; Query time: 398 msec
www.bitwebdns.net ;; Query time: 211 msec
www.astroglide.com ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.feg-jena.de ;; Query time: 175 msec
www.ut.ac.ir ;; Query time: 430 msec
www.hpc.com.pl ;; Query time: 363 msec
www.news-earth.com ;; Query time: 162 msec
www.xhdporno.net ;; Query time: 462 msec
www.abtinweb.com ;; Query time: 334 msec
www.pandamovies.org ;; Query time: 171 msec
www.grn.es ;; Query time: 345 msec
www.cosmopolitan.fr ;; Query time: 152 msec
www.musikexpress.de ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.svarovani-tig.cz ;; Query time: 493 msec
www.serveroffer.lt ;; Query time: 1127 msec
www.ajes.com ;; Query time: 189 msec
www.deutsche-wirtschafts-nachrichten.de ;; Query time: 178 msec
www.bestfonts.pro ;; Query time: 156 msec
www.securepod.com ;; Query time: 146 msec
www.veepee.tech ;; Query time: 152 msec
www.freetoursite.ru ;; Query time: 384 msec
www.kuzbasshimbank.ru ;; Query time: 1164 msec
www.chte.ru ;; Query time: 570 msec
www.temaretik.com ;; Query time: 244 msec
www.shopinboston.com ;; Query time: 81 msec
www.ebz-group.com ;; Query time: 194 msec
www.gudauri.ru ;; Query time: 706 msec
www.houtackers.nl ;; Query time: 453 msec
