www.nchv.org ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.indiachristianmatrimony.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.tanhua99.com ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.chmatome.club ;; Query time: 230 msec
www.teksquad.us ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.flyadeal.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.granicusideas.com ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.famfamfam.com ;; Query time: 83 msec
www.subhosting.net ;; Query time: 303 msec
www.dweb.link ;; Query time: 50 msec
www.rolonet.com ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.midfirst.net ;; Query time: 168 msec
www.apprenticeship.gov.in ;; Query time: 559 msec
www.heisei-u.ac.jp ;; Query time: 132 msec
www.hakka.finance ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.flashputon.net ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.al-habib.info ;; Query time: 63 msec
www.javcdn.info ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.qy6.ru ;; Query time: 228 msec
www.tubeninja.net ;; Query time: 136 msec
www.mature.nl ;; Query time: 452 msec
www.provigil.lol ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.orderpickles.in ;; Query time: 417 msec
www.daryn.online ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.mpob.gov.my ;; Query time: 387 msec
www.hc.edu.tw ;; Query time: 292 msec
www.diariodorio.com ;; Query time: 148 msec
www.unlimdate.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.jabmo.app ;; Query time: 78 msec
www.chennaicorporation.gov.in ;; Query time: 372 msec
www.moefuns.co ;; Query time: 15 msec
www.hdkaraokesong.com ;; Query time: 267 msec
www.lamafilm.top ;; Query time: 202 msec
www.whiting-turner.com ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.manaus.am.gov.br ;; Query time: 463 msec
www.foodtown.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.toolband.com ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.qeodns.com ;; Query time: 178 msec
www.zero.jp ;; Query time: 123 msec
www.ragan.com ;; Query time: 94 msec
www.emboga.info ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.busyhost.com.au ;; Query time: 67 msec
www.advancingjustice-aajc.org ;; Query time: 81 msec
www.intelletrace.net ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.jublfood.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.ad-x.co.uk ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.ejoco.com ;; Query time: 67 msec
www.flypgs.com ;; Query time: 560 msec
www.dream-marriage-brides.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.clubeadulto.net ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.social-media-system.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.jasper.ai ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.cdm.link ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.moscow-one.com ;; Query time: 256 msec
www.econbrowser.com ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.bankier.pl ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.radioplugaraucaria.com ;; Query time: 263 msec
www.daneurope.org ;; Query time: 45 msec
www.flashb.id ;; Query time: 42 msec
www.labcorplink.com ;; Query time: 82 msec
www.aloe.capital ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.serveservices.com ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.seosandwitch.com ;; Query time: 68 msec
www.xtremehdiptv.org ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.bookmarkdeal.com ;; Query time: 147 msec
www.29chat.com ;; Query time: 62 msec
www.navypier.org ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.8bitdo.com ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.xvideos.com.br ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.kd13shoes.us ;; Query time: 262 msec
www.wp-royal-themes.com ;; Query time: 65 msec
www.pbchistoryonline.org ;; Query time: 206 msec
www.managementstudyguide.com ;; Query time: 264 msec
www.nebraska.gov ;; Query time: 200 msec
www.smashingapps.com ;; Query time: 263 msec
www.muzli.cloud ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.inafrique.com ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.hager.az ;; Query time: 233 msec
www.tensolite.com ;; Query time: 48 msec
www.fileconverto.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.thinkdirtyapp.com ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.nlhky.com ;; Query time: 253 msec
www.newsciti.com ;; Query time: 263 msec
www.fanball.com ;; Query time: 38 msec
www.breastfeeding.asn.au ;; Query time: 596 msec
www.cau.ac.kr ;; Query time: 416 msec
www.godandscience.org ;; Query time: 65 msec
www.novosibirski.ru ;; Query time: 154 msec
www.thailand-landofsmiles.com ;; Query time: 261 msec
www.shinshu-u.ac.jp ;; Query time: 131 msec
www.spaceweather.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.levitra.wiki ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.ne.gov ;; Query time: 92 msec
www.solji.kim ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.henryherald.com ;; Query time: 138 msec
www.progtech-yug.ru ;; Query time: 202 msec
www.xcritical.expert ;; Query time: 102 msec
www.tube2.me ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.doujinantena.top ;; Query time: 190 msec
www.alturacu.com ;; Query time: 74 msec
www.whitecastle.com ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.heaven.porn ;; Query time: 80 msec
www.scripps.org ;; Query time: 845 msec
www.chagosdream.com ;; Query time: 75 msec
www.alateen.org ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.pepperfish.net ;; Query time: 323 msec
www.aera.net ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.gulfbank.com.kw ;; Query time: 726 msec
www.eatwell101.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.agabapentin.online ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.ura.go.ug ;; Query time: 214 msec
www.oaspa.org ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.macular.org ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.halgatewood.com ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.woodenboat.com ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.gandul.info ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.alkoora.live ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.kwrank.ir ;; Query time: 1735 msec
www.explorers.org ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.corpnet4.com ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.crumbs.org ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.connectge.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
