www.umemotodc.com ;; Query time: 174 msec
www.doujinevent.com ;; Query time: 290 msec
www.tfsbillpay.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.teachrock.org ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.americanthinker.net ;; Query time: 93 msec
www.toletboard.net ;; Query time: 317 msec
www.advantagepcsystems.com ;; Query time: 53 msec
www.replacementdocs.com ;; Query time: 30 msec
www.gamblincolors.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.excel.com ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.hoogerbrugge.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.dairyprotect.net ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.momenvy.co ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.vestnikapk.ru ;; Query time: 153 msec
www.cuevana3.rs ;; Query time: 61 msec
www.curry7.us ;; Query time: 265 msec
www.cn9.online ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.ezhostingserver.co.uk ;; Query time: 150 msec
www.adminolt.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.5nines.com ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.1000fonts.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.simplicityhost.net ;; Query time: 619 msec
www.rcdso.org ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.bajanomad.com ;; Query time: 254 msec
www.thedailythrive.org ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.lgeapi.com ;; Query time: 426 msec
www.appraiser1004.com ;; Query time: 289 msec
www.clubnika-ap.top ;; Query time: 297 msec
www.elektrikforen.de ;; Query time: 185 msec
www.greenpartstore.com ;; Query time: 90 msec
www.narayanacoachingcenters.in ;; Query time: 352 msec
www.acehdw.com ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.backrack.eu ;; Query time: 115 msec
www.snzwkj.com ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.tatuagens.co ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.dongguan-gifts.com ;; Query time: 169 msec
www.almafamilyservices.org ;; Query time: 82 msec
www.beringglobal.com ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.nic.rentals ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.buyprednisone.monster ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.severium.com ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.sci-lib.com ;; Query time: 289 msec
www.naturalbridgeva.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.neafoundation.org ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.isis-online.org ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.homemade-circuits.com ;; Query time: 268 msec
www.joycazino.ltd ;; Query time: 51 msec
www.z00.monster ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.sfcollege.edu ;; Query time: 138 msec
www.masterspace.co.ke ;; Query time: 501 msec
www.geradordefakenews.com ;; Query time: 228 msec
www.zohoportal.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.talentyoung.org ;; Query time: 410 msec
www.dsaviour.com ;; Query time: 43 msec
www.mastermindpro.in ;; Query time: 147 msec
www.politforums.net ;; Query time: 68 msec
www.pearsoncanada.ca ;; Query time: 44 msec
www.shreenavgrahaashram.org ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.aiowiki.com ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.unifiji.ac.fj ;; Query time: 247 msec
www.raljob.com ;; Query time: 151 msec
www.refpaunmve.top ;; Query time: 280 msec
www.ritter-sport.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.intouchreceipting.com ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.modxcomputers.com ;; Query time: 343 msec
www.mgtip.de ;; Query time: 375 msec
www.teafish.cc ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.ish.org.uk ;; Query time: 30 msec
www.wantmyweb.com ;; Query time: 89 msec
www.gamedoctor.jp ;; Query time: 116 msec
www.futureofmusic.org ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.darbydental.com ;; Query time: 87 msec
www.fashioncushion.com ;; Query time: 66 msec
www.coloradosos.gov ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.dataisdata.net ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.newsharecounts.com ;; Query time: 78 msec
www.egsprem.com ;; Query time: 73 msec
www.porncide.com ;; Query time: 256 msec
www.fastjagran.com ;; Query time: 226 msec
www.frisurenklub.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.pastewall.com ;; Query time: 154 msec
www.cheenti.com ;; Query time: 266 msec
www.4xone.com ;; Query time: 64 msec
www.syncmail.net ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.replimarketing.com ;; Query time: 132 msec
www.fq.edu.uy ;; Query time: 604 msec
www.dreamgirls.gr ;; Query time: 332 msec
www.yourteens.info ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.iitsbusiness.com ;; Query time: 243 msec
www.soolegal.com ;; Query time: 53 msec
www.dhrc.in ;; Query time: 209 msec
www.unknowngenius.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.revitalash.com ;; Query time: 80 msec
www.cvm.qc.ca ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.webtelservices.in ;; Query time: 438 msec
www.iimkashipur.ac.in ;; Query time: 295 msec
www.vavada-casino-jdz.buzz ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.withtank.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.jvsg.com ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.codigodinamico.net ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.vulcan-royal.click ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.gtopline.com ;; Query time: 202 msec
www.betfortuna.id ;; Query time: 39 msec
www.mykolaiv-yes.com.ua ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.corporatecasuals.com ;; Query time: 75 msec
www.mecon.gov.ar ;; Query time: 190 msec
www.laxmidiamond.com ;; Query time: 266 msec
www.toolband.com ;; Query time: 1 msec
www.northfacts.com ;; Query time: 73 msec
www.norddns.net ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.breezinthrutheory.com ;; Query time: 52 msec
www.interwrx.com ;; Query time: 55 msec
www.cxracing.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.51ststatetavern.com ;; Query time: 243 msec
www.ammo.com ;; Query time: 108 msec
www.pishkeshgift.com ;; Query time: 764 msec
www.repelisplus.uno ;; Query time: 31 msec
www.eisenhowermemorial.org ;; Query time: 74 msec
www.dmmc-usa.com ;; Query time: 64 msec
www.biolinks.app ;; Query time: 88 msec
www.theemptyspace.com ;; Query time: 895 msec
www.rovenimages.com ;; Query time: 65 msec
www.networld.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.camh.ca ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.shiroutowiki.work ;; Query time: 318 msec
www.ftconline.in ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.iqvia.com ;; Query time: 153 msec
www.roguelibrarian.com ;; Query time: 221 msec
www.ofc.ca ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.debeaumont.org ;; Query time: 585 msec
www.purposegames.com ;; Query time: 210 msec
www.stablediffusionlitigation.com ;; Query time: 63 msec
www.pdfcrowd.com ;; Query time: 2 msec
www.t-hub.co ;; Query time: 507 msec
www.rubycentral.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.kuplydiplom.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.isrwebagency.com ;; Query time: 329 msec
www.askflix.me ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.tomat-pomidor.com ;; Query time: 37 msec
www.ngsmedicare.com ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.lightplanet.com ;; Query time: 74 msec
www.aspenwoodworks.com ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.ccc.org ;; Query time: 298 msec
www.netqin.com ;; Query time: 316 msec
www.kapturechat.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.usherb.ca ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.cobbsuperiorcourtclerk.com ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.sci-news.com ;; Query time: 91 msec
www.cybershoke.gg ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.mangallstore.com ;; Query time: 149 msec
www.swfupload.org ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.lasvegasoptic.com ;; Query time: 39 msec
www.zefrank.com ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.africaieg.com ;; Query time: 225 msec
www.24club-vulkan.com ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.2x2tv-film.site ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.cole-vision.biz ;; Query time: 73 msec
www.aapos.org ;; Query time: 97 msec
www.americanwastecontrol.com ;; Query time: 56 msec
www.fwdcdn.net ;; Query time: 163 msec
www.lan03.bid ;; Query time: 543 msec
www.rubic.exchange ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.hbd.org ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.zlinkv.com ;; Query time: 181 msec
www.enhancementnetwork.net ;; Query time: 256 msec
www.material.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.nwwebhosting.com ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.nationallist.com ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.datami.com ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.theasa.net ;; Query time: 142 msec
www.stromectoll.live ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.rtjandxly.online ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.rox-lazurniy30.top ;; Query time: 190 msec
www.csfinfo.org ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.thecity-film.site ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.zangi.com ;; Query time: 41 msec
www.columbiamuseum.org ;; Query time: 74 msec
www.abilify.gives ;; Query time: 26 msec
www.instructionaldesign.org ;; Query time: 65 msec
www.kougloohsurvey.space ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.jya.com ;; Query time: 75 msec
www.ghisler.com ;; Query time: 239 msec
www.2x2forum.ru ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.eznettools.net ;; Query time: 50 msec
www.74kolesa.ru ;; Query time: 197 msec
www.onlinexgamez.site ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.gravelrecords.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.ordoiuris.pl ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.digitalpowerlines.net ;; Query time: 308 msec
www.gacannabisindustryalliance.com ;; Query time: 65 msec
www.personalitypage.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.divers-supply.com ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.sweetpotatosoul.com ;; Query time: 60 msec
www.gamerheadquarters.com ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.trimed.mk ;; Query time: 405 msec
www.goodcook.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.swktech.com ;; Query time: 308 msec
www.aiweiwei.com ;; Query time: 431 msec
www.creativedateideas.net ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.au.ac.th ;; Query time: 554 msec
www.petervaldivia.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.fitbconsulting.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.thenewpornographers.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.studentsassignmenthelp.co.uk ;; Query time: 265 msec
www.titserver.net ;; Query time: 54 msec
www.yabbforum.com ;; Query time: 65 msec
www.issisystems.com ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.staffmate.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.igod.gov.in ;; Query time: 282 msec
www.austinfilm.org ;; Query time: 93 msec
www.jhmi.edu ;; Query time: 278 msec
www.nma-fallout.com ;; Query time: 133 msec
www.krishnagiri.nic.in ;; Query time: 570 msec
www.mashreqneo.net ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.zhukovadance.ru ;; Query time: 308 msec
www.tetracyclinetab.quest ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.innerskinresearch.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.webchimarketing.link ;; Query time: 45 msec
www.catholic-sf.org ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.gener1cv1agra.com ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.4oot.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.onexr03251.top ;; Query time: 184 msec
www.excaliburdehydrator.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.astoundgrp.com ;; Query time: 94 msec
www.godotmedia.com ;; Query time: 72 msec
www.danielsunjata.net ;; Query time: 381 msec
www.formetco.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.rayban-sunglasses.com.co ;; Query time: 31 msec
www.iss.com ;; Query time: 100 msec
www.daniafurniture.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.greatrodentshome.shop ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.quansp.com ;; Query time: 27 msec
www.bookinmotion.com ;; Query time: 125 msec
www.astraweb.com ;; Query time: 292 msec
www.c022jp7166.info ;; Query time: 258 msec
www.tayygs.com ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.correo-nacional.es ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.vaxee.co ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.inccloudserver.com ;; Query time: 470 msec
www.esciences.org ;; Query time: 578 msec
www.waxaimglite.info ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.dramanice.nl ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.mattbites.com ;; Query time: 79 msec
www.flinthosts.co.uk ;; Query time: 317 msec
www.thimbleweedpark.com ;; Query time: 39 msec
www.mi-store.mk ;; Query time: 199 msec
www.ztrck.me ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.centropanda.com ;; Query time: 313 msec
www.salem.nic.in ;; Query time: 607 msec
www.woflow.com ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.cifor.org ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.tutorcity.sg ;; Query time: 366 msec
www.patinagroup.com ;; Query time: 101 msec
www.sade.com ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.microplane.com ;; Query time: 176 msec
www.dailyclout.io ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.niti.gov.in ;; Query time: 273 msec
www.fceux.com ;; Query time: 63 msec
www.mindsparklemag.com mindsparklemag.com.	172800	IN	NS	ns2.time4vps.com.
www.jasper.ai ;; Query time: 2 msec
www.ieee-pdf-express.org ;; Query time: 1618 msec
www.shiva.com ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.mugengal.com ;; Query time: 320 msec
www.parsonssun.com ;; Query time: 100 msec
www.jrseco.com ;; Query time: 677 msec
www.play-fortuna.life ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.bb3x.ru ;; Query time: 162 msec
www.sujalaropurifiers.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.stuff4beauty.com ;; Query time: 60 msec
www.marillion.com ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.losted.wtf ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.espressoplanet.com ;; Query time: 213 msec
www.fpmurphy.com ;; Query time: 35 msec
www.aicr.org ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.3020kp.vip ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.moanabikini.com ;; Query time: 43 msec
www.mestredoseudinheiro.com.br ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.atlantavinylstore.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.grow-mania-31.life ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.navitaire.com ;; Query time: 104 msec
www.fitgirlindia.com ;; Query time: 62 msec
www.livefree.cam ;; Query time: 44 msec
www.fanfilmtv.online ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.tighebond.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.joycasino-zyd.top ;; Query time: 189 msec
www.trmusic.ir ;; Query time: 271 msec
www.driving-the-world.us ;; Query time: 75 msec
www.joycasino-eg15.top ;; Query time: 194 msec
www.a4pt.org ;; Query time: 89 msec
www.mslc.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.gobiernodechile.cl ;; Query time: 537 msec
www.fkbae.to ;; Query time: 198 msec
www.ahsd125.org ;; Query time: 83 msec
www.ghanafa.org ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.1xbet-a-zerkalo4.top ;; Query time: 194 msec
www.pmjay.gov.in ;; Query time: 283 msec
www.ever.jp ;; Query time: 124 msec
www.globaltrademarkfiling.com ;; Query time: 149 msec
www.firstflorida.org ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.ncrypted.com ;; Query time: 70 msec
www.lua.org ;; Query time: 185 msec
www.flashnetpe.com.br ;; Query time: 950 msec
www.thedomainsaver.com ;; Query time: 512 msec
www.traidnt.net ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.sendiancreations.com ;; Query time: 153 msec
www.juventus.life ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.comtoranet.jp ;; Query time: 7 msec
www.cazinoizzi.one ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.iselinfamilylaw.com ;; Query time: 65 msec
www.bamny.com ;; Query time: 77 msec
www.simpleportforwarding.com ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.simonsezit.com ;; Query time: 221 msec
www.designingmedia.com ;; Query time: 341 msec
www.ipokerdom.top ;; Query time: 189 msec
www.banplus.com ;; Query time: 66 msec
www.pinamar.gob.ar ;; Query time: 405 msec
www.okys.in ;; Query time: 146 msec
www.tdah.org.br ;; Query time: 58 msec
www.fremdgehen69.com ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.disinfo.md ;; Query time: 368 msec
www.twomovies.info ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.atlantissgroup.com.sg ;; Query time: 364 msec
www.thehempcloud.com ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.tiencheng.com.tw ;; Query time: 130 msec
www.myinvestmentplaybook.com ;; Query time: 176 msec
www.bezdep.life ;; Query time: 19 msec
www.hide-my-ip.org ;; Query time: 520 msec
www.local-breaking-posts.com ;; Query time: 65 msec
www.redirectlink.me ;; Query time: 149 msec
www.questar.org ;; Query time: 39 msec
www.myoats.com ;; Query time: 104 msec
www.doradus.me ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.pthome.net ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.alfachange.net ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.what-is.com.ua ;; Query time: 8 msec
www.arcticfox.com ;; Query time: 265 msec
www.jamabandi.nic.in ;; Query time: 558 msec
www.gabapentin.men ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.xdite.net ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.sungchulblog.com ;; Query time: 150 msec
www.helenkellerintl.org ;; Query time: 86 msec
www.thekohsamuiguide.com ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.immersion.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.110km.ru ;; Query time: 197 msec
www.alriyada.ly ;; Query time: 278 msec
www.bayernwerk-netz.de ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.dofuspourlesnoobs.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.solcasino-aya3.club ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.chaosads.com ;; Query time: 68 msec
www.dnsimple-edge.org ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.circlesanctuary.org ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.timelognet.com ; <<>> DiG 9.16.27-RH <<>> www.timelognet.com
www.newsfirex.com ;; Query time: 156 msec
www.revolutionwifi.in ;; Query time: 152 msec
www.harvesters.org ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.maths-pdf.fr ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.pipermarbury.biz ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.aerobotica.com ;; Query time: 73 msec
www.starsvulkan.men ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.tikapi.io ;; Query time: 12 msec
www.wulkan-zerkalo.net ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.domainsearch.com ;; Query time: 108 msec
www.rijav.com ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.disnaikid.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.stud.com.ua ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.rodoexpress.com.br ;; Query time: 198 msec
www.appriss.net ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.xinhua9d.com ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.missionliquor.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.victorthemes.com ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.serverroom.us ;; Query time: 436 msec
www.gpdns.net ;; Query time: 175 msec
www.uinteam.net ;; Query time: 92 msec
www.zenitbet509.xyz ;; Query time: 32 msec
www.conwaydailysun.com ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.frontlineclub.com ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.castindia.co.in ;; Query time: 147 msec
www.gitready.com ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.emailsupport.us ;; Query time: 148 msec
www.megutan.net ;; Query time: 228 msec
www.janetjackson.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.brain-performance.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.aljico.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.perkins.org ;; Query time: 13 msec
www.cpgwiki.org ;; Query time: 68 msec
www.brooksidepress.org ;; Query time: 48 msec
www.mcsdga.net ;; Query time: 68 msec
www.ausildhyyx.info ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.clubdeperrosygatos.cl ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.cmfarchive.org ;; Query time: 36 msec
www.future-ed.org ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.finchannel.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.boletinsei.com ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.columbus-casino.click ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.classijugs.com ;; Query time: 6 msec
www.jpacnet.com ;; Query time: 16 msec
www.exceldome.com ;; Query time: 64 msec
www.heardle80s.com ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.dspaneas.com ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.rpgallery.net ;; Query time: 265 msec
www.drudge-report.net ;; Query time: 47 msec
www.suppliersplanet.com ;; Query time: 258 msec
www.typescripttutorial.net ;; Query time: 63 msec
www.artinfo.com ;; Query time: 74 msec
www.sibleyguides.com ;; Query time: 152 msec
www.my-azart.net ;; Query time: 115 msec
www.newtoki13.org ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.customuniversitypapers.com ;; Query time: 50 msec
www.midlandpipe.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.biologictrim.com ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.redeconsultoria.net ;; Query time: 66 msec
www.muniservices.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.gnccx.net ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.pispl.in ;; Query time: 516 msec
www.uncsd2012.org ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.mangaloretoday.com ;; Query time: 269 msec
www.rloan.in ;; Query time: 144 msec
www.naturalearthdata.com ;; Query time: 55 msec
www.colorplot.com ;; Query time: 80 msec
www.trox.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.visitfranklin.com ;; Query time: 100 msec
www.seosmarty.com ;; Query time: 319 msec
www.indiawest.com ;; Query time: 154 msec
www.wave-vermilion.co.jp ;; Query time: 121 msec
www.adidasiniki.us ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.centurycycles.com ;; Query time: 105 msec
www.jnccn.org ;; Query time: 90 msec
www.quepublishing.com ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.thewellproject.org ;; Query time: 40 msec
www.777joycasinog.xyz ;; Query time: 14 msec
www.estraviz.es ;; Query time: 201 msec
www.newworldrecords.org ;; Query time: 74 msec
www.captainhair.com.br ;; Query time: 150 msec
www.usherworld.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.pgm.org ;; Query time: 277 msec
www.worldtimeapi.org ; <<>> DiG 9.16.27-RH <<>> www.worldtimeapi.org
www.1xslottsx.top ;; Query time: 188 msec
www.coterra.com ;; Query time: 63 msec
www.khersonski.com.ua ;; Query time: 10 msec
www.trippnyc.com ;; Query time: 71 msec
www.x3on.com ;; Query time: 148 msec
www.phenxt.com ;; Query time: 66 msec
www.thomas-sabo-uk.org.uk ;; Query time: 18 msec
www.tradebooster.com ;; Query time: 266 msec
www.eastpennmanufacturing.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.centasec.com ;; Query time: 69 msec
www.egresadosudistrital.edu.co ;; Query time: 65 msec
