www.jqplot.com ;; Query time: 29 msec
www.expressionengine.com ;; Query time: 73 msec
www.sanqiu.mobi ;; Query time: 25 msec
www.hubdrive.me ;; Query time: 24 msec
www.midi.org ;; Query time: 34 msec
www.skrbtla.top ;; Query time: 337 msec
www.blogdon.net ;; Query time: 20 msec
www.kmu.edu.tw ;; Query time: 443 msec
www.uploadrar.com ;; Query time: 9 msec
www.webserversystems.com ;; Query time: 33 msec
www.schwab.net ;; Query time: 91 msec
www.pelisplushd.to ;; Query time: 82 msec
www.aia.org ;; Query time: 76 msec
www.aepsc.com ;; Query time: 88 msec
www.pearsonassessments.com ;; Query time: 101 msec
www.ethereum.org ;; Query time: 11 msec
www.virginia.gov ;; Query time: 100 msec
www.brownbook.net ;; Query time: 21 msec
www.revistaforum.com.br ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.gvsu.edu ;; Query time: 22 msec
www.uwinnipeg.ca ;; Query time: 31 msec
www.bflix.io ;; Query time: 17 msec
www.inmarsat.com ;; Query time: 169 msec
www.donweb.com ;; Query time: 7 msec
www.wichita.edu ;; Query time: 57 msec
www.scielo.org.co ;; Query time: 141 msec
www.trackcmp.net ;; Query time: 23 msec
www.rootforest.com ;; Query time: 60 msec
www.laowangta.top ;; Query time: 196 msec
www.cra-arc.gc.ca ;; Query time: 2 msec
